Cory Booker is on my tv.
it should keep that same letter everytime u plug it in.
RIP to the day when Titanic sent more than 1,500 people to a watery grave
Some things are easier said than done.
send the pizza in the mail. :)
How can Liberals/Progressives/DemoRates tell Lies so easy, no problem, they don't believe in God
The Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi dies in Lisbon.
Sure-- but then what's the point of the various "time windows" for elites? If you have "A" available why not confirm me?
You know me all to well.
Just a little love tap.
Greetings, Jose! Great to see your creative spirit here!
I don't think the Browns provided Colt McCoy enough talent around him to get a fair evaluation of his talent moving forward
Wisconsin Governor Walker Attacks Sex Ed
Grande Noelia!!!!!keep going then Miami is waiting for u!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rondo had the triple double (13, 12 & 17) but KG was the man on the night for BOS w/ 29 & 11 as take a 1-0 lead w/ the 92-91 win."
Two drivers tonight recommended Sabri Nihari for Pakistani / Indian. Moroccan recommends Andalous.
Flying to Oakland today; arriving at sundown. Auspicious!
Two patches to core committed this morning, including one that isn't CSS at all. I like today :)
Also Welcome new followers
did you shed the tears? :)
Also Eric is going to be joining me. So YAY! - YAY back. Are you preparing him for the clan?
Feeling extra good this morning.
“You know you've read a good book when you turn the last page and feel a little as if you have lost a friend.” P Sweeney...
That's what I'm here for !! U know ill call u doing the same.. I love you Mick!!!! Everything will be fine :)
ringringring! Hell? Oh Hi Tamara! Thanks so much for following!! Talk sooN!
Try not to rush into things
just got the funniest teacher from a teacher saying my midterm grade isn't uplifting & i should think of ways to make it in my favor
Heard about the #WRECK in Wal-Marts parking lot last night in E-ton? Would love to know details, and if the girl is ok!
Searching for beds in Portland in April :)
Thanks for following, Miss Lisa! :-)
Idk lol But it makes ya think doesn't it? ;p
LA Startup Weekend at is sold out (sold out quick). Stay tuned on for updates.
thanks so much for keeping me up to date with the dash girls!, i dont know what i could be without you! :D:D
Morning, Twitter. How goeth your Monday. The sane me says fine. The insane me sez, everyday's Monday to me...
Some people dont deserve children, and if that makes me a horrible person to say I am just a bad person, who is right.
[ #GeorgeClooney + The President = major political Soirée. Where? G's House. Burbank-Hollywood Proper | Watch #LA routes for traffic - oxox]
Brb Gonna Go Stare At My Justin Bieber Poster.
why are you tweeting this to her?
Interesting new Twitter look. Things change pretty fast when you don't logon for 2 days.
#i swear to you, i will never forget you:))
Cannot do the doppelganger meme because I can't find a picture of the girl from the Dove deodorant commercial from a few years ago.
When something you Want/Desire says 'No'...AWESOME!
#3wordsforyou I want you . :/
can't send you a DM reply. Are you guys HT participants? Hoping NLM joins in the next year.
That feeling when you feel like you're drifting apart from a really close friend :(
Something is not better than nothing. Call/e-mail your US Rep and urge them to vote NO on Waxman-Markley. It's not the answer.
what should i do for a cracked iphone screen? HELP HELP HELP!
You have until next Friday to get your name in the raffle for the Mother's Day Spa Package.
How come everyone knows their CAHSEE results?
Spurs didn't play good on D, Parker had an off night shooting ... just saying
#FollowBack contact us for your Video Production | Graphic Design | Photography needs!
"Ya'll know me... Yeah OPP!" #THON12 good job!
I ain't gone lie I wish it could be though !
u already got it guy?
Oh I miss Ginuwine & his videos!
i was pretty sure i was on the bus w/ keisha cole's mom. then i heard her say, "i'm keisha cole's mom!"
that's quite cool. Hope it comes with free parking...
2012 and 2013 Volkswagens Preview by Carey Russ +VIDEO
It was bound to happen, I guess.
The second floor of Mary's Ace Hardware is like Shangri La.
I had to take my bp med she got my blood pressure up
k lo k ma brotha..
Let my love adorn you !
Break a leg! This weekend The Vault Ensemble kicks down the door of economics and punches vampires in their sparkly faces with...
The reason why she ("Gabby" Sidibe) says she does movies - just made me feel sad for her and that perhaps she doesn't get it.
#dailyfeedback - Songs for the Pirates' Opening Day - Sister Sledge/Todd Snider/Steve Wynn & The Minus 5
so, who gonna be my 130th follower?? the spot is yours... :D
Did anyone take pictures or video of the high speed chase on Highway please send them to news or !!! Thanks!
RT : But you havn't put my Ideastorm 1.0 ideas into production yet << Adding for input
Remodel Tip: If u want 2 reuse existing faucets in a Kitchen or Bath remodel, atleast use new water lines & drains - WAY less headaches! : )
Thanks for the RT's today!
Reflecting on my life and the road ahead. Thank u God for keep'n me.
I need a librarian.
lol True ! And I'll have to go listen haha
Happy anniversary!!
Looks like the "official" Dane County Republicans have finally joined the twitters. All two of them!
you got dis. In other news are you sad about Dick Clark
sounds like it.
That fail moment when you fail at doing handstands.
nice! I'd talk with you more but you're always busy. Haha
First time at Fat Patty's .. what to get?!?!?!
cant wait for universal with the friends tomarro :)
dont jinx it
I wonder what kind of beer Philadelphia will be coming up with when the Devils put them out of their misery 2morrow...
We don't have an exact date yet, but we're thinking May!
Rolex On My Risk Cost A Camaro Yeah That Double S
What? Wounding isn't the point of #SpyMaster? But I'm SO good at it....
Our first event of #HackingEdu is here! See you tonight at ! Thanks for co-hosting this event with us !
some of these women too they both can suck my toe knuckles lmao
same. I can only sit in a chair for so long. Shaping up to be a really good year for both publications
FYI RT : With the #Redskins officially re-signing , the #Redskins also waived TE Rob Myers.
A1: Not if you think you might want to apply for another job with that company. You might get overlooked for one you are!
you never know if your ready until it happens
Tom Cruise just gave it to The Artist. The Oscar, that is.
I have never seen a man climb out of a trash can so quickly...
ayyyyee girll what did you get today??!<U+E05A><U+E00E>
“If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then it’s moving you away from your goals.”
you guys are so gay for each other haha
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. Elbert Hubbard
Dear MBTA Red Line- thank you for giving me more sweat-dripping, body-to-body action this morning than I've had in the past month.
I have a question for you
of course :-) done. thx
RT : Even this early in #SpringTraining Roy Halladays breaking ball is simply disgusting
Wicked BBoy Moves! "J-Deezy" is the new nickname?
NOW broadcasting @ www.getrichradio.com is the Communication Coach himself, Dwan Bent-Twyford! Listen now and win the $1000 CASH prize!
Dancing in the rain!
OMG Scott the Alpha is too strong
favorite place in the world is Mykonos! Has Jackie O's opened for the season? Cheers
hardest working man in show biz, mr Pratt. Hang in there, sicko!! (ps autocorrect almost caught me at shoe biz)
Things a little slow up your way tonight, duder?
So excited to check it out but your second link went to a GitHub 404 page... resend link?
Thank you for the follow!
achieving #WorkBestie Status today was a milestone in my book.
#Amen!!! So glad you're here! The youth can still do it! We're about worship!
Devote a great deal of time talking to buyers in person. You'd be dazzled what number of companies do not listen to their buyers.
Hey guys, go and follow up and coming NYC DJ !!!! Follow backs included!!!
any time Seamus.
yeah but they said they would call me down on Monday for a referral and they never did I'm like whatever!!
check out rascal flatts new single why wait, new album nov 16
YOU GO RACHEL OH MY GOSH YES.
oh itd be a blast(: haha
"I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was." -Muhammad Ali
I'm a 7 3/4. Finding a helmet is not possible.
Carlos is a very lucky man.
SXSW in Austin is something everyone should experience once!
#WomensBasketball #Golf or #Soccer - Which to put me asleep tonight?
Hey staunch Christians who say Jesus is the reason for the season. Jesus' birthday wasn't actually in December, so remember that.
follow back ? <U+0001F60C>
Ouch! RT : AG Van Hollen peed on self a little, sort of like a new puppy
ditto. good thoughts.
tweeting about the weather is way more boring. “: Tweeting about drugs continues to blow my mind.”
Have a Gnight everybody
Actors "I want any job", but that's like saying u want to go to the midwest. There's a lot of midwest. U have to be specific - to get there
This new facebook timeline is exhausting. :)
while we're on the subject should really add a wishlist feature
yes I knew all that haha. He friends with my cousin, but i don't understand that whole last name thing
- that place was/is so nasty.
I did it! Roscoe's chicken & waffles for the 1st time! Yum! Thanks for a great start at 9a this morning Tory Thompson and Dino Scofield! :)
Wishing... Kayla to Chicago with No.23 pick
Great call by Bengals. Best matchup might be Gruden vs. Phillips.
“: We are!! You have such a great hit. I love that song. :)” appreciate you!
how could i not? that pug in a tux is too much to resist! so classy.
What's the point spread of the faculty vs student game today at Brandon MS?
Baby baby baby oh....lol yes I'm listening to Justin bieber
HBO's #Girls is on. i'm trying to want to like it. still hasn't brought the awesome enough for me yet
You can't save searches inside the iPhone app?
Got some great social media tips today from and Thanks for coming and giving some advice!
What you do after school is very important if you want a job in the future.
One if the best center fielders of all time is now in right field for the Angels. you're still the man!
it is not a real siren unless it is a #Drudge SIREN
Making the every day location feel precious, dreamy, stunning, quiet and extraordinary is Mike Pedersen's photography: mikiep.com
Y'all know I'm on board that plan.
Seems like it is being streamed
It’s not too late to commit to your New Year’s Resolutions, see the apps that will help you lose those extra pounds
you went to that? Lol
Just to clarify....they need to start the self-paced course before they get together live the first time, right?
please follow - you won't regret it
Interviewing some amazing women for our #adayformetahouse video today. We can't wait to share their stories with you in May!
Yea… i'm a big 'online brand' enthusiast. These are all great topics. Do you see certain ideas/topics being overlooked?
is extremely wise with the tweets today.
you should check your DM's<333 hehe. Just a suggestion :D
CRAZY good game. Come on #UNCAsheville!
never use USB anymore, but patrons might still
What a great Waukesha food blog! Nice breakdown by location of eateries around Waukesha and good reviews.
Hannah&Jenna--U are both awesome:) RT HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR FAVORITE SUPERSTAR!!(: we love you!!!:D
I picked Kansas to be in the final four!
So, 3 different pizza places just showed up at our house, none of them were ordered by us. Who did it hahah.
SNOW 2.0 Investments in the biz: Personnel, data centers, #cloud ops, cloud architecture,
See poet Christian Bok's work in this area.
one time i joked to my mom and said "i like my men how i like my coffee. black." and now she says wiz khalifa is my husband :-(
I am a ceiling fan, especially during rain.
Understanding the role of "Hydrocarbon Wealth" is fundamental to understanding the the Middle East.
Up since 6am cleaning house. Lots to get off my mind.
My juice spilled..
i'm a triple threat
lol is that good? <U+0001F633>
Awe, we’re blushing! :) RT: Sunbelt granola bars are the best. NO JOKE.
I got Practice tomorrow wish me luck and hope i dont break my bones like i almost did today ... im still in pain ... "OUCH"
we're gonna give it away to everyone to download.
oh my gosh Jazmyne--you would cry over that! i'm going to have to download it now.
Great Bachelor Party weekend. I don't think I'll eat a hot dog or taquito ever again.
This weekend may be the most memorable of my entire college career, and I am so ready for it
so you did or didn't see the naked break dancers?
& the survey says
Is the time that we lie in now borrowed time?
whats the move for later ? :)
#FF Superstar Sisters
It's funny how sometimes you'll listen to a song the first time, HATE it, listen to it again, and fall in love. Humans are weird.
do i know you ?
I guess that means you made an A+?
Food Fact of the Day: Feb 21, 1931 Alka Seltzer was introduced. The perfect product for the end of Mardi Gras
Tmrw is my last 2 midterms. I was,asked to study. But crap Im hungry & I don't feel like doing shit. -.-
Are you insulted by their laziness or happy about someone actually reading your blog... :-)
Good morning Twitterverse. Have an amazing Monday!
Girls who always wants the guy to text them first <<< stop being up your ass were not in 8th grade no more shut up
it looks like it hasnt come out yet
I cant ignore the fact certain people r on here tonight and avoid me. Youre too cool for me.
it's today haha. Joining the 30 club.
that borders on creepy... Lol
Today is a very special day, a day to radiate love, smilers proud of what we taught Miley
a little more frustrated now
I appreciate it and I thank you for your kindness and understanding.
will you please follow me & and I will follow you as soon as i get off following limit :) xox and can u also ship me?
> love the sin,cos, tan rap!
when is City of Lost Souls coming out? Cant wait!
What are you doing about the Portland Beavers ballpark? We want them back in Portland for the 2012 season!
when is it???
I saw you today.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life
That's an awesome quote!
It really makes me mad how difficult it is to control monitors on a Mac. I want to play games on my 2nd monitor only. How hard should it be?
i wish i had the money to go to 's nyc show in june :(
Yeah it's a great piece and Shadid's death is such a loss to the world and Packer nation in particular. Glad you enjoyed it!
Certainly a legit point, but without vote from legislature or electorate, those in favor will just have to wait longer.
GSA is the single best thing that has happened to FHS.
dam, after 11 shots, you shouldn't only be feelin' it, but seein' it too. :P
i play all the champs...can't stick with one i get bored
was just thinking about JAYBER and wondered if you'd read any further yet...
"I feel like we run an animal insane asylum." -- The Girl, as our animals wander like One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Maybe support was the wrong word. But you haven't seen my film and I don't know if you even tried, and Regan gets retweeted.
Great reading by tonight at #OpenMic. Glad you came! for being here!
its a middle finger :(
So, you watch an issue trend. It spikes upwards. Is it significant? Know for sure with #attensity hotspotting in Analyze v6.0
what u doing tonight
this one's closed to public. Auditioning a new chef.
Jonathan makes me so proud! Big things are going to happen in his life. Im so proud of him! <U+0001F44F>
doing good just been busy getting moved to Cali so glad to be here now
Not even tired what so ever
Obama: "We need a tax code where everyone pays their fair share." Does that include Amazon?
Please Follow Back Thats My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You Of Coures!(: #NeverSayNever xoxo
Finally a vacation! 9 days to do whatever I want. First thing, time to start up the grill! :)
Niqqqa Only bitxh he got wet was his mermaid tatt ! (sneak dissers)
lol yeah ima change it back probably tomorrow
RT : Been off the grid for a bit. // Go back off. Nothing new here. EXCEPT GOOGLE+ (Meet the new boss, same as the old boss)
Booked a principal role of a Struggling Actress in Mid-Life Crisis in 15-MINUTES a new Webisode Series for The Vie Network: Shoots June 2011
A pair of powerful spectacles has sometimes sufficed to cure a person in love. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
Idk what it is but I like talking to you
Getting blinds put up today! Yayayay!
Haven't worked w/a BID 4 awhile, but I think one can use money raised 4 capital improvements. Would SDCC qualify?
Propeller Group's re-brand of communism blows the Ungovernables away.Too bad I can't hear it bc of the crazy loud video nearby.
I'm going to make my mom take me to FIRST tour. <3. :)))))
yay im now an #Ulta trainer! Pretty excited :)
I really cannot wait for #AngelsAndGentlemen! I can't wait to see what other songs you covered. Excited for
#interviewtip DGE having quality references ready is key even if you dont include them on ur resume, have them ready 2 go if asked 4 them.
Everything's better with you.The music sounds better with you <3
Eventful.com will do.....here we go.
it's a labatt. All I drink.
btw i found my dress i think but i dont want to post it cause im not sure
Scutaro. So hot right now.
Yep, no end in site for those black bags. Restoration *should* begin in March, but no word on an end date.
I wanna go to Kfc nd eat a Famous Bowl
The Lizzie McGuire movie is treading.... Good times. I loved that show.
- #Graduation is upon us! Need the perfect gift? Come into and get a travel coffee mug... HOT OR COLD!!
Oh, that's cool mediacom. I didn't want to hear the last three minutes of the Office. Now is a splendid time for an emergency test.
you have my number *cough, cough*
we will make sure to buy a copy we totally support anything to do with #autism! Very proud of your boy
And the $3000 People's Choice Award goes to ChrondroPro Biosciences! Thanks to all who voted!
Gm bro called you no answer where are you we need to round table
KNOW WHERE YOU CAME FROM; KNOW WHERE YOU’RE GOING (Jn 8:12) He who follows Jesus will not walk in darkness, but have the LIGHT OF LIFE amen
I'd say the final one and when Michael saves Alex and she meets her-evil-self :)
Theres nothing I hate more then loosing the remote in my covers-_-.
Haha neither...I think you accidentally walked right in front of the camera because all I could see was your face!
If you don't believe in yourself, no one else will.
Ty Jason for following
In Lynchburg, VA waiting for to arrive so we can experience the place I didnt know existed until 4 weeks ago
I hope you get out safely.
Pleased a proposal I authored with to use self-employment assistance in our efforts to create jobs was inc. in payroll tax deal.
has received a Rosetta Lenoire Award Nomination for Diversity from Actors' Equity Association!
"I aint go to high school, i went to school high"
is enjoying the very warm, sunny, tropical, and clear environment of the Hawaiian Islands. Swimming, surfing, snorkeling, and hiking!
My friends suck...
Awesome. Only 2 hours...
Stop by and grab some Sushi, My President. 1620 Market St. Downtown Denver's Sushi HQ Sonoda's Sushi LODO
Watching these annoying ass lil niggas, reminded me how much I hated it
Finally done studying! Listening to some Justin Bieber before going to bed.
how u been?
get up get down, three steps down, my dj gonna break it down.. :)
Finishing pass pages and hoping for rain so I can get the shot I need for the Sparks trailer...
Friday! First week at the new gig almost wrapped up :)
I like that prediction Mose
Can't imagine why any reporter would want to receive a press release. Personalize the pitch for the reporter.
Lupe Fiasco, Kanye West, Muse, Skrillex, The Doors ft. Queen (I hope that is allowed)
So let me get this straight over 1000 of people get cancer over 1000 of people donate over a million dollars to support cancer
we are gonna BBQ and watch the derby at the house. I'll txt ya. Sick Mexican grub layout by the wifey, homemade churros too!
Whats your favorite place in Philadelphia
Thank you, for sharing the Snark!
rapping aint bout the looks
Today has been going by so slow!
yeah but i live in cali its not supposed to be under 60 :( lol
Let's
yes yes we did!
Some dreams, stay with you forever.
(: Then You'll Get A Perfect Gift Who's Your Favorite MB Member
Great chatting with you as well! I will be in touch (hopefully by later today or Monday)
could you email the lyrics??? I would love to see what you have!!!
WAKE UP FOOL!!
RT : The right corporate culture can inspire intense passion for the product (think Apple) says at
REO SPEEDWAGON, STYX & TED NUGENT is TOMORROW! It is time for my favorite season of the year.....ZOO AMP SEASON!
#unitedairlines #fail 3rd call to get miles refunded (for upgrades I didn't get) and there is a 35 minute wait AGAIN - I used to love United
&#39;Avengers&#39; set to rescue Disney - and Hollywood
I think I'm sitting next to jared the subway guy.
I thru my hands up in the air sometimes saying ayohhh, im a weirdooooohh
hardest thing about the holidays is: RomanZolanski_
Glad that Charles Scott and PCOG team are OK in Joplin--let us join in praying for all those devastated by this storm.
hey.... at least i tried ;) and it was more truthful ;D maybe even an understatement
good point. It is the devils, after all
When are you building that list management app? Building a new list SUCKS!
OMG YOUR BRACES ARE COMING OFF IN 8 WEEKS! #YEE excited and upset :)
haha, nice. I had an ipod, but then it died:(
Irony: Everyone going blind in the year 2020?
Six inch walker - big shit talker .
hope the meet is tomorrow so i can run my, 100, 200 & 400! and do the long jump! :D
Mik! you look so BEAUTIFUL in your prom dress <33 i love youu and i am pumpedd for the six flags kick-off concert on JUNE 3RD!
has the most amazing ideas (:
Saugatuck on memorial day with my friends....
Im so gonna sleep onw lol
Chasing my sister barefoot in grass > im wearing sandals and she didnt think i would do it >:)
Headed to present my book at the national sales for the distributor - pray it goes well!
WHATS GOOD CUZ I STILL GOT THIS RAP SHIT BY THE NECK,THATS MY WORD
Cha cha, you are no help when it comes to rocks
lol... I will ask management later on today
Linkage Award Inductee KEN BOOTHE
It'll be* okay
thanks for the retweet!!
Big stop by Rutgers, Louisville turns it over on downs at mid-field
Mr.Magoo made my Mother's Day official by puking on me in the car...-_-
How do you like your men??!!
Spread the word - #HyattABQ isn't a 4 diamond hotel anymore! BC we have horrid service and a run down hotel
Tonight's skills development with DNP (Damn Near Perferct)!
that would be great! We should have a link by tomorrow.
thnx RT : great updates and healthcare msg call tonight.Thanks and David Simas.
and by books for school I mean my own copies that I purchased!
#askjosh boston or boston?..
#ImagineAustin asked:may I? U: may u what? A: have u forever? U: YES!of course Austin! I love you! A: I love u more! *kiss*
I just miss the metabolism I had when step aerobics were popular.
#NowPlaying #Beautiful Sinner
do you really think sucking up to someone makes you friends?
Congratulations!!! Love you!
Lmaoo Naw You Only Talk to Me When I Got Food ....
everything just keeps getting worse
I cant admit it out loud because ive spent so long convincing myself that it doesnt exist.
Off to work, wishing everyone a great day! BBL.
this is always true... and true to all circumstances.. the "self" is always our best foe....
No shoes, no shirt; and i still get service.<3
Its Wednesday :)! That means I have late start and early release at school today! But I'm stating to finish a test. But I'm gonee :)!
let's get a crew to go chill in Sam's car hahah
The best man is he who most tries to perfect himself, and the happiest man is he who most feels that he is perfecting himself.
You're most welcome !
can't even imagine!
Finally saw 21 Jumpstreet it was hilarious!
these boxes are the smell of the art of print alive and well!
Time to do some yoga :)
Working waiting on Monday Nite Football. Follow us
I guess, but he had fun doing it, even if his good cooking did make me fat in the first couple years we were together.
Uh super hero in de flesh even et ma worse im de best fo de finish istretch..!!!!
Damn this gym packed today
: Darien PL's circing ipads started out totally locked down. Based on patron requests, made them more open.
Never make eye contact when eating a banana.
hey u ever thought about flying . and how far you can go !
Have a Good Morning Everyone.
LOL this morning I DEFINITELY hated it!
And alexis is cool, guys. Way cool.
Seeing things pretty clear now... A lot is changing.
I think I've become obsessed with instagram.
Social Media Campaign for Payday Loan Company Starts for USA ...
Rivera is a clown, but we do need a TSA in the airports that actually works, and isn't just corrupt national security kabuki.
at pretty cool party
you're the worst movie ever.
yeah yeah :)that put childress team in 1st for sadler and 2nd for dillion in point because james and brad are not fulltime
Anybody home? I was enjoying your tweets! Hope all is well!
Everyone's a little more friendly on St. Patty's Day!
sour cream and onion chips dipped in maynaise. Hahaha
hmm?... well im here in class and somthing is going on n there not telling me wat can it be?... /:
I'd love to read a copy when it's 'share ready' as I like to say.
searching for a buyer/ procurement manager w/ heavy contract writing experience $$$ send resume to
Hope to see everybody out at the LSU vs Florida game this weekend!!! -Evan
So much for that I quess.! :(
Ugh. How crazy is Giroux going just watching this game right now? Brutal.
curious to see who uses twitter at 4:00am EST #appointmentlink is it beauty time or time for sleep?
I'm having a yard sell tomorrow. Get at me for details.
A developer is proposing an office building at the southwest corner of 86th and Georgetown Road. Old location of a Wake Up gas station.
but i have no clue what i did with it and i should probably find it....
My phone died before the end of #ctlc2012...more tweets to come. :)
Want to be a more powerful storyteller? If you''re Vegas -do come if you can to today's session pavillion 2 at 9:00 AM
thanks for the retweet
:I just purchased this app but it seems to be one that will be very helpful and easy to use..."
Yea it was real cool..
OH OK HOW LONG U GOING TO WALK
Ever know it was going to be one of those days before you even walked through the door??
I'm so pumped for Jack White tomorrow night. Who else is going?
My guess is that the facilitator did it for attention. I'll have to watch further. Felt sorry for the brother.
I hate giving sum1 ur phone # over da phone & they say "uh huh" during it making u have 2 go back & repeat #s. Just listen 2 da whole thing!
Hating it doesn't make it any easier to use. It actually makes it harder.
“There are two types of sacrifices: correct ones and mine.” Mikhail Tal
Is Draw Something a real game because I want in!
Heading to base camp in April. Would love to hear some stories and tips. Eric
Singing at private party outside by the pool;)
apparently. I stopped after the first episode.
Working on a cover of 'The Lazy Song' by Bruno Mars! It's gonna make you not wanna do anything...
need to get my driver's license renewed today...sounds less than fun...
unplug and replug the power connection to modem and airport. starts with modem first
Quiero CAT y lo quiero YA!
Did anyone else cry a little tear of joy when Cthulu began destroying Burning Man? Best year ever!
hey lady! all is well. loving SF. how are you? what's the latest?
Good Morning! You cant beat B-Fast Tacos on a Friday or (hint) at your Holiday Party! Send us an e-mail to make it happen. :)
Chillin at The Nick in Birmingham. Good crowd already and no ones even set up yet! -MWM
love the new handler!
Step up and do what others will not do and make the difference in the world by being all you can be and know you did your best~ steve dorsey
we sure do
What makes a great place to work? What was the best company you ever worked for, and why? Join the conversation at noon
come on over
“: I wish I had time to get a cupcake from or Ugh!!!”
Once again sorry": Oh k. Noprob RT : Sorry I'm fault send :D : what?"
Says the violence has touched every district in this city.
it was a good game except the foul ratio at the end. So it's whatever they won and fought hard so it's not a big deal.
hey! Can you let your listeners know we have 100s of new gowns at the Cheltenham Mall in Philly! Thanks for the support!
No marriage
I think it's time for that perm, Ross.
Haha no lie RT : My lil sister trynna follow me on instagram.... I love her but that's heat
At the gluten free expo in Chicago! Come see us!
getting fancy for #BJxmas4 and looking forward to some cocktail shrimps.
You're such and Inge hater!!! #Sarcasm When you are paid 5.5 million.. you are supposed to hit KC pitching.
#applestudios #wppi12 best tip - set up your photography biz as an LLC
what a very up n down twisting turning ep last night, wow!
Whose DropBox folder?
Wishing everyone a Happy Diwali!
The Grammar Police called. They're all committing suicide.
Patience is a virtue? Working hard to be virtuous.
go on fb
bold statement, sir. And possibly true.
The ‘Aquaponics Soldiers’ of Camp Aguinaldo
I concede private lives indicate character, but wish we all focused on economy, foreign policy, policy understanding, insight, leadership.
yo text me bro
Touché - RT So yeah ... was and is a success, I'm drunk eating a Philly cheese steak
i took you by the hand, and we stood tall.<3
Yep. ACL Startup party is on the list for today. See you there.
yea but if u cut yes then I'll cut mine! ;)
i start my internship in the morning, too! good luck girl :)
The Banana Pudding Milkshake from Chick-fil-a is ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE!! It is now a #Musthave everytime I eat there!
So what am I going to SMELL TONIGHT? Drama, Mama Jokes, Love Birds Talking, Scary Story's, News, Hot Topics... hum.....
Anyone could go tonight...
my mom comes in my room and checks for drugs well the smell at least lol there must be a new drug out
It's the last day of the AIAA-Aerospace Meeting!! We're always happy to be here, looking forward to the next one!
i couldn't open the link you sent... it said it was removed. sorry!
wow! Or a close Fuck! Acceptable body!
tell me i help
happy birthday and good night:) jk who sleeps at this Time!!;)
Can't wait for Wensday!! #BoyzAreBack <U+E328><U+E32D><U+E106><U+E418><U+E41F>
And oh yea melo has 40
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream. Harry Kemp
smart man! ;)
Remy seems to think he's a pug!
know you've been in bltmore for awhile when you see an unlocked bike parked in another city and stare in awe.
theres a 1 in a million chance that will notice me
I can't handle this anymore...
Unfortunately my unicorn powers can't work in these situations. odfjgdfg Why did this have to happen. Ugh. that's so sad D:
Thanks for the response. Will do.
the sox are gonna have one hell of an outfield when crawford and ellsbury come back
RT : Plenty of MARC delays again tonight
A 5 minute video can have a turn around time of only 3weeks if working with a vendor.
BUT we still encourage you all to go to both of those shows. I will be at the one in Atlanta chillin so I'd love for you to come say hi - W
Think I want to go to the nail shop today :)
Sundays are for dancing!
I'm tired
Insert clever tweet here
Don't you have some electrical tape in your car?
I'm a music nerd AND a Swedish nerd. HOW did I miss this? Oh why oh why wasn't I listening to this morning?!?
#20thingsAboutMe when I was 4 I got in a shark attack in Australia:/ but I'm all good now(:
You're very welcome :)
so proud to be
nice! Glad it worked out
Hello and welcome to twitter !
I loved his last line! God IS great!
5 months ago i thought being friends with your ex is weird and awkward and i never understood why people did it...i understand now :)
The kingdom of God is within you. - Luke 17:21
If you can't win, quit like I do
Are you celebrating a March Birthday? If so stop by the Front Desk for a Yummy Surprise!
aye so i guess my birthday weekend begins now((:
o u better smash dat
#BieberGivesTheBestBlowjobs <<<<<<<THIS rofl
My headache is really really bad! its at the point I feel like crawling up in a ball on the floor or banging my head against a wall :(
SB 364 Part Deux Kehoe and Senate Pro Tem meet with Yee, the author to determine fate big biz appears more on board
So.. I can mute ppl now lol..†
“: What did y'all think of Steven Tyler? Thought it was pretty cool.” it was terrible! Were we listening to the same thing?
Children’s early development depends on their parents’ well-being and life skills, particularly interaction and reflection.
The worst thing someone can do is it pin something and NOT include where it came from or how to make it.
Lionel Richie #Easy Like Sunday Morning
thanks it's a real great spot. Making lots of hits
why?? Lol jk okay“: text me”
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
People say girls are attracted to guys who are like their fathers. Not me. The guys I date call me back.
photo of typo shirt please?
I can unfollow as quick as I follow or quicker.....
lmfao what songs you want me to quote? lol
Why don't they ask the others if they'll run 3rd party? They're the ones pretending to be "conservative" & for "limited govt", not Ron Paul
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind. ~Dr Seuss
that's definitely true
Super! We have a song on our to do list called Shaman!
Cub's baby is two-ah!!
and In the morning, i conquer
Jack will be the counselor of the week, every week. I can't wait to visit you in NYC the Boston to NYC is cheap!
Phil Collins comes on the moment I enter this thrift store.
I wish you the best...
thank God you have a friend that's 18.
Remember who votes no on the stadium bill and replace them in Nov.
i only bitch when we suck..
You know, it really isn't fair to call the Kindle Fire an Android tablet. It runs on
I'm reading tweets and some Arianators are really rude and being mean to people....
Indeed it is.
Us too! Hopefully there will be an early spring this year!
jam get up big guy
My bf comes home today!!! :-)
Reading my daughter's first manuscript... priceless...
These ghetto birds chirping it up in Harper Woods mighy early today!
Dear , I think you are amazing, and when I am a famous chef, I am going make you the greatest vegetarian meal ever. Love, Vick
- in this case, there's a lot to talk about. Don't you think?
ill be by your side ill always find a way i love you to much to leave ya
any. i will come to you and we can figure it out? sound good?
aw thanks bailey :)
Fire is like lava.
#oomf is always texting me some b.s.
what about urs?
The M.A.D. Caregiver may be close to throwing in the towel...
Can you imagine the look on Scott Walker's face when she let that one slip.......
In a sad turn of events, there are no other tweets with the hashtag #treeboobs ) :
When others think all YOUR POST are about THEM, they've moved themselves into the "IMPORTANT" category in your life without your permission.
Oh da return of the bayyybayyy <U+0001F601>
That doesn't sound like you! ???
Great Zuma class. Thanks
sunshine looks good on you
Aaaahhh so jealous. Of all the weeks to be out of town :(
Why everybody always say i gotta attitude, i don't go an attitude i jus don't like youu.
st pats social night party was a blast with the irish dancers...knights of columbus friday fish fry tonight...its all for charity
Market Street Sound celebrates nine years of musical making and noise bending today! Thank you to everyone who makes this possible!
I've had it a while but have not used it much. Using it more now : didn't know you were a twitter-er! Nice.
If you work in #Brickell we better be seeing you for Lunch Break Special's every Mon-Wed 11:30am-2:30pm!!
did you ever get to check those 2 songs
yaaay my new pressure cooker just arrived! Can't wait to use it tomorrow.
RT : Yo. I really wanna see the Heat lose tho. (Ditto)
mice and eating as much fish/turkey/chicken as possible. Aww I'm sorry. dhgpdfg I keep saying that but it's just so sad D:
And this is crazy
I never got any tweets back about good gyms in Boston. Anyone know of any? Tweet
Ridiculous dude! You already had a bad rep! Goodbye to you!
Having to force myself to be productive <
Started Jiu Jitsu today. Love it already : )
Hold an over-the-top, self-congratulatory press conference announcing where you are going if you're a free agent.
Let's go USA!!!
Can anyone tell me why B.J Novak still gets mentioned in the opening credits of The Office? I swear one season he was there for 1 episode!
I think Kelli is there too
Good Morning Everyone! Wishing you a Blessed Week...
"Make each day your masterpiece." John Wooden
lol.. no problem! I tried to DM you, but Twitter decided, "not so much!"
Mites causing spots, but they’re harmless
Awe, you are too sweet Ophelia.
My stomach is killing but i dont care! Party! Party! Party! Till i die!
I have a twitter I don't use and the bad thing is Justin Bieber follows me on it lolol.
Third String Productions(Houston) & Shadowplay Lounge is looking 4 ppl 2 join their street team! if U like going 2 free shows hit us up!
Skip Bayless was nominated for an Emmy? If he's so great how come he doesn't have a Nobel Peace Prize?
Haha. RT Bike ride along the river. Hope I don't have a heart attack.
And clicking Reply too fast too? ;)
wow that's fantastic!
gosh i love this shitt
Hoping to hear next week about which CA school-based health centers will receive the HRSA construction grants. Stay tuned for more details.
not really worth it..
thank you so much for watching my rap!!
Even on my weakest days, I get a little bit stronger
Just getting to it now. This week's #TheGoodWife proves 's argument about the show brilliantly.
1st We're counting on a lot of people seeing both shows which means Cobb's should wrap up in a timely manner.
Our hopes of getting him to notcie or follow us is going down really really quickly and it is not even funny :( :(
Ranchers and farmers and family business owners could make much better decisions regarding the future than the government can.
hahaha, what did I tell you abbey! #Bama biotch! ;)
resisted for an hour before downloading Angry Birds to the new droid phone
Tweet me
YES :D
y is it when i need some1 to tlk 2 theres no one there =/
One of the best quote I've ever heard was on the wall of a bathroom stall...
All are indebted, few realize.
Ha ha jokes on you! its always been this size
No happiness.
I don't know about y'all but it comes pretty natural to me. #smh <U+0001F60F>
If you're a champion, you have to have it in your heart. -Chris Evert
Now if Apple will just announce the iPhone 5, I may slip into a state of nirvana...
Tell that nigga he know I'm wing king fuck outta here young lad
Cause I'm two shots deep and I ain't tryna sleep
tell LP I said what up What Up GO DUCKS! who you got rolling out this season Coach?
my allergies are driving me crazy. I haven't stopped sneezing since I came home!
Rep. Bileca Thanks Democrats for working with him on good ideas in this law. Wouldn't you want this law if your school was failing?
You're fast. And appreciated. Thank you for responding to my email!
I have the munchies...but then again I always have the munchies.
holy cats! RT I'm going to try fancyhands, and am almost besides myself with excitement. This is the service I've been waiting for!
word of the day: #FASCINATE.......in all you do, if you don't fascinate, you fail.
I don't know. I've never played either. But I'm willing to give it a shot!
That's place!!
red wine & soup 4 brunch/excitement
This marketing flashcard tool is going to rock! Almost 95% complete, all integrated with Infusionsoft CRM too!
2-4-1!! I just put in a take-out order for 8! Bring em home for me Jones.
Yaaaaayyyy I got a break!!!
Never gave 2 fucks, double rubbers
PLEASE FOLLOW ME YOUR MY HERO AND MEAN THE WHOLE WORLD TO ME SO IT BE A WISH COME TRUE UR SO AMAZING ALWAYS SUPPORT. U <333333
As I watch it I say "oh no, dont let it be the teacher" "Oh no, don't let it be the guy running for governor" I love it!
librarians, archivists and others: what are you favorite websites, tweeters, etc. for career development or mentoring?
Atlanta History Center exhibit "Atlanta's Book: The Lost Gone with The Wind Manuscript," 6/4-9/5/2011
Aud's unknowingly teaching herself imposition as she puts pages together to make a book...kind of makes me want to throw away my new Kindle.
Researching cocktails for an upcoming Baltimore restaurant. My goal is to tantalize, educate the imbiber's palate to long-forgotten flavors.
I had a dream that I met Shaquille O'neal in a crowded mall. He posed for a photo with me, but it didn't turn out.
you better call me when you get here!!
yessir. I'm so down
"As Mr. B reminded us, this [racial healing] can be the most powerful thing we do, if we can pull it off." Gail Christopher
Ugh! Just missed getting a skate on it
learned that about 25 years ago. Lol
woo \(^.^)/ we can both be ATM challenged.
George Hill fast as fuck!
#Zuckerberg addressing #GroupChat and #VideoCalling have anything to do with #Google introducing #huddle and #hangout ??
awe how come? What's going on?
#Twins vs. #Brewers wknd of May 18 at Miller Park... who wants to goo?!
What about Kobe's 81 points in a modern NBA game?
the jiri chronicles should be on the list if not already... Over 500 individual works by "him"
What? Are you too fucking good for Bodgie Ball? I mean for fucking crying out fucking loud!
Common sense >> everyone has it, USE IT!!
Trying to build out display of metrics. Also want an advocacy and outreach program. Using Sloan Grant funds.
Goldy Locks and you know this mang RT : Do work son!
Today's Lunch Feature: Rosemary Papardella Pasta w/ lamb Bolognese Soup: roasted butternut squash
Haha good morning and guess who I saw yesterday :P lol ?
there will also be a class called "Digital Humanities," by the way, a methodology class. This other is a genre class.
Lawdy it's ackin up today! RT : I wonder if the dust from tornadoes is giving Sweet Brown bronchitis.
yes I have seen him play!! Just wait and see when we spank that ass for you.
Get 25% off your next Taxi ride when you call# (919)633-2606....
if u can make Baltimore on ur way I can make u a killer bowl of crab soup! Definitely no "junk food"
I feel like I'm getting old every time I catch myself doing the shoulder shimmy to a Roxy Music song.
thx for RT as well as DM abt repeated section in post. Curious if other #twitterstorians have tried Ngram
#LoveMeLoveMyKapler #IBetCarahIsGoingToMarryAJersey Could do this all night except those are the only hashtags I could think of.
pass pass
See ya later Vegas, off to San Remo, Italy to play in the EPT.
I'm hearing Bramble Rye BCBS will be out this week, with regular BCBS in certain shipments. What are you hearing?
pretty sure our twitter convo went full circle tonight: Mad Men->Havertys Ad Agency
GM everyone :-)
Funny how it's all guys in the Hallmark aisle at Walgreens right now.
Savings Tip - Unclogging Sinks add salt before the baking soda and vinegar, and make sure the water is boiling, it will clean the drain
yeah it's good to dream alittle bit or alot!!!
Working again from Dilworth Coffee. Love these guys!
RT : I think I'm one of a small group of people that has never seen Modern Family...ah! Such a good show!
I'm going to try: ebook whenever possible for purchases, and if only in print then request if from the library
We're glad to hear you are enjoying the award winning Wishing you a smooth flight.
has a new toilet seat and doorbell. And then she found $10...for real.
You're awesome. Thanks for the RT!
yes, is better to be skinny, everybody knows that
the horrible crowes album is amazing!
My moms bringing me kfc <3
Every time a ball is hit to third I hold my breathe.
I would of went to his twitter and show her his followers "ALMOST 2MILLION PEOPLE YEA IM SURE NO ONE LIKES HIM"
This movie is hilarious.
Got in some final Athens shopping this morning. I know some like organized cruise ship tour groups but they are the bane of my existence.
LOL, count me in. What about vaginas? Shouldn't we be influential about vaginas too?
Shifting gears...
Today is a Kid Cudi day.
some dates and cities where we will be doing shows: June 25th Chicago, June 28th our EP releases, July 1st in Milwaukee, WI
I'm glad I got all my laziness out of the way this past weekend because I'll be out of town every weekend in May!
I agree!
ah i know!!! im so excited!!! thank you for my birthday gift & the beautiful card (; love you <3
Holy crap, Andrew Brietbart died? May he find peace, and may no one walk in his ideological footsteps.
lmao yeah it's cool shit happens for a reason
#Mets and #Rangers both win tonight
4 books about narrative, spookily, fell from highest shelf onto my iMac keyword (bending it). Maybe office is haunted by deceased Lit. prof?
Of Monsters and Men!
We needed someone to protect our QB... I'm ok with this pick.. Rather have hill... But I'm ok with us developing our OL.
RT : #Cleveland unveils new lakefront plan. Includes cool pedestrian concourse link between harbor and convention center...
Sick and tired of being sick and tired./:
timeout..I'm not a Heat fan..them niggas bitch made but they winning the championship haha
Lots of fun...congrats on a great job. Thanks for having me.
My dad calls it "piss-poor performance" too! Also, a half-ass job. #eisummit Not the performance level our country needs to sustain success.
There should be a new video up on the YouTube channel within a few days. Stay tuned :).
I just suggested "The Hortise and the Tare" to a customer in the children's section. I was testing to see if they were really listening
Welcome back! We missed you!
RT : Dan Taulapapa McMullin speaks to differences between Asian / PI LGBT issues and how we must continue to collab
I'm starting a diet today. Wish me luck :)
breaking sports: Former NFL Patriots star Junior Seau is dead of apparent suicide.
lawlz... Introducktion was such a joke. I got sick and barely went to any of it.
so since im go be spending majority of the summer here in Little Rock , who am I going too fck with ???
out with the old and in with the new
Fuck it i am done workn out, i dont like it when legs feel like jello
Many who think "I should learn to code" could start with history instead e.g.'s Hackers or 's The Information
sorry but I would say he's only been effective in spurts. College far different deal than NFL
the may concert includes Los Rakas and more, so I think it's still worth it. Then we can be all cool comparing/critiquing shows.
Starting the day with a workout at Aria fitness center. Healthy body and healthy mind is success.
Under the boardwalk!!!
Miami taking this L tonight? most definitely.
Day 2 of Network Archaeology conference: Liam Young on the archaeology of lists! Very cool paper.
Hi sarah lol
Dj double wide!!
Q. When you are not drinking #Pinot, what is your go-to #varietal?
Cool! Yeah that show looks great! :) #ninelivesofchloeking. I will definitely watch it! :)
You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking. -Marianne Williamson
I heard Vegas has at -175 against
I Don't Know If I'll Make It, But Watch How Good I'll Fake It.
Hard works pays off!!!!!
TGIF, gettin ready for work then gettin my shape-up after.
don't stop retweeting and tweeting to her she will follow back.
My mama singing Cash Out.... she said "right on With that needle" instead of riding round with that nina #DEAD rofl
Good game!
I'd honestly be better off dead.
I keeps hearing a loud SQUEAK lol
Hungry for steak
Really want to make you mine, I would never mislead you, look how I treat you but girl, you got to give me some time.
what did you do to said poloroid might I ask?
can you follow me pretty please<3 i love you (: please
AMC's newest book: Outdoors with Kids NYC, launched recently at Prospect Park. 100 activities to get kids & families outdoors!
“: Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there. -John Wooden”
trust me you will want to be the onlychild again. i wanted a lil sis. then when i got her i wanted a receipt. lol.
- same to you :) Thanks! Tammie
Age is important only if you're cheese or wine.
where's the dog?
Never got it. Please resend and we will take care of it.
30 min run w/sprints <U+2611>.
I love the pasta bar. Over an hour wait but sat right down. Score!
"You get the best out of others when you get the best out of yourself." -- Harvey Firestone, tire executive
It seems like school is always getting me sick.
Happy Easter young lady!
if Dennis loses ya think we could get him as a guest ?
working hard and getting fit.... what's to complain about ;)
For the first time, a space shuttle landed in New York City. - New York Times (blog)
Chipotle sounds crazy good right now.
u still live in Miami?
Happy Birthday Rich Life
in #Austin! What a relaxing wonderful #spa!
Only 12:15 local time and my remote is exhausted.
Good to have your boys in these desperate times... #CAPS games that is..
Not if it's the truth! =) : Is it wrong to buy the Nike shirt that says, "Skilled in Every Position"
i loved how the occupants of apt L were early risers this morning. we should keep that up :) mornings together are fantastic!
Say Something, if your feeling the vibe.<3
RC CONCRETE LEVELING of AKRON OHIO amp AIRPLACO MUDJACK PUMPS - used cement mixer
Don't miss our cookies and strawberries - An assortment of our best selling cookies garnished with strawberries @ Firehook Bakery!
Commit to growth readiness, commit to scale, build and be the consitutency: 3 keys to cracking the code on scale, says
God I love the Kane show!-Kelly
Just minutes away from a possible verdict in the Greene County church arson case. Stay tuned. Fox 27, CBS19
Hitchcock movies gave me unrealistic expectations of how hair should behave in a convertible.
Its hot in Texas!
Thanks for the follow #CHITOWN!!!
summer!...July 9th i think? wbu?
thanks jason! some of my favorite tools, stickies and colored pens. they help me think through design more than computer screens.
bud, you're a stud. IM the info. It's super cool that 's tweet again. Thanks a lot.
Happy Monday Tweeps! Anybody have any good kitchen stories to share from this past weekend?
Agreed. Only time VoIP takes time is when user moves from branch to branch. Most of my time is with the online banking system.
it's against his religion. duh.
Super cool. Where are the #DC #internet lovers?
come get me NOW lol
wbat brought about that decision?
Yo Springfield, Missouri folk... anything special going on tonight? Eh? Anybody? Anybody?
Ms independent
,hi justin you is my inspiration.. I'ma Belieber..... Followback me.....
Sounds like a couple I had the "pleasure" of sitting near on a train. Were NUTS & needed a reality check. But I didn't give it.
RT : BREAKING: #Broncos will have 5 national TV prime-time games in 2012
Layer 7 Technologies Expands Presence in Asia-Pacific
Kudos to every public servant who has the audacity to propose new ways of solving old problems.
Yup, Justin is OK though. RT: “: hope your delivery driver is OK! Saw he got into a smash on North Ave tonight!”
Happy bday xo
I know! Why can't Castle's dad stay absent? That's one twist I'm not happy with. I'm afraid #Castle's circling the shark.
Need a gift? Make a wine, cheese and bread basket with some of our delicious bread!
Just chowed down a buffalo chicken wrap and sweet potato fries pre-WOD. - It's probably ok...
For this audition, call me Dr. August.
#Blackparentsquotes•Y'all Drank&Eat up everythang..cabinets gon' be dry round here til the first<U+E411>
#TargetCanada is going to be tight
"Out of pain comes creation"
Support Dining Out for Life tomorrow night between 5-8pm and 10% of sales will be donate to help local HIV and AIDS organizations
So. Much. Sleep. To. Catch. Up. On.
What channel is the Red Carpet? It's not on my tv!
Austin and Dave saw The Lucky One and The Vow together. RT if you love their bromance.
Did you know that our ambassadors are eligible for incentives? including an IPAD, Getaways and Cash?drop us a line
Exhausted. Trying to make a challenging decision.
Likin' it! Fancy hair, fancy guy! Oh, and a fancy couple. :)
Received an email from Amazon confirming an order for 2 x Lady Gaga albums. Immediately thought a/c had been hacked. No, it was .
were thinkin of you sweetheart...
the don't make her no more :( collectors item now
meet Ernest Miller in person at the Promolast Atlanta Fanfest this wknd+judge 4 urself :) details at www.promolastevents.com
Totally enjoying all these tweets from other alesana addicts on here :)
THIS SONG NEEDS TO HURRY UP.
RT : Disaster Project meeting to support 90 families in Leuk Derk district, Kandal province that were affected by the...
you are a reflection of who you surround yourself with...so be sure to make an effort to surround yourself with good hearted positive people
The sound my stomach just made should be put into national geographic...
Let me be clear, it was just a coincidence that the U.S. soccer team started to struggle every time Barack was mentioned on the broadcast.
I'm chill though.
As well it should. We are fierce!
Thanks for adding us to your "Top Tweeps" list.
im like ur biggest fan..PLZZZZZZZZZZZZ FOLLOW ME...I LUV U SO MUCH
he was a kind harmless and guileless alcoholic.
It's amazing how 800mg of Ibuprofen makes me feel like I DIDN'T separate my AC joint this weekend. Damn false confidence...
Looks like Chikwe answered your wish Any commits after yesterdays spring game? Was hoping for 1 or 2 of the DE's from WI.
I'm back after an afternoon at the salon. I think I've lost two pounds
cause you said you sent me a tweet....
Critical Thinking and the Mayan “Prophesy” - Philadelphia Inquirer (blog)
Film producers: make a movie about the 369th Regiment, their jazz band, and the victory parade of February 17, 1919. You'll make a killing.
Time to call it a night. "It's a night." ;) Hope yours is a good one!
How is beating the Lakers beating "the best"? They ain't the best!
There are three ways to get something done: do it yourself, hire someone, or forbid your kids to do it.
first I have heard
TGIF, Meetings meetings meetings today.
--I thought he was your older brother?
funny how my sister and i were fighting but once i put legend of korra on we forgot
it's like not even 11am over there. How and why are you up before noon on a Saturday?
gotta love iChat :)
: Nay. It's lots of work to clean them several times a day. If they get infected, the holes could scar shut and then it's a mess
Stand for something.
Former Indianapolis Colts GM Chris Polian Heading to Atlanta Falcons: Fan Reaction - Yahoo! Sports
Can't wait to see you!
- Taste My Butt
Thank you. I finally got to go outside!!!
Hey, what's wrong with Pittsburgh?? LOL. I'm a 'Burgh girl through and through :-)
is open today from 10am-4pm!
We are his portion & he is our prize, drawn to redemption by the grace in his eyes;If his grace is an ocean,we're all sinking.
The Brothers Grimm
What? The Legend of the Honey Island Swamp Monster is not available to watch instantly on Netflix?
I cld totally see 2million Coming to dinner and Gates VC having a lot to say to one another.
the zoo the zoo!
Good morning fellow Twitts
#SWAG :D
Yo DUDES! we're trying to work something out with Apollo Games for the Midnight release of MW3. It should be sweet.
follow back please?
a little bit. not surprised to be in the playoffs, but surprised on how they are playing yes,
I'm hungry damn it
Just realized there was a new 30rock recorded in the DVR!!
5 more days till Pre-Sales start for T2-Live in LA and Transatlantic-More Never is Enough. 1st 100 bundles signed by Neal and Mike Portnoy.
what levels of the RnR did you use?
Getting things together for show week with "Rite" premieres Friday
Queen of Pop, Whitney Houston <U+2665> Rest In Paradise
No one else can control what you choose to focus on. No one else can move your body or act on your part...besides you.
Life is a faith walk not a cake walk......thank you BC.
impractical jokers* & yes (; next show ever
And a good morning to all
We're choosing our tix contest winner by 5PM today. Don't forget to RT our last tweet and follow us for a chance to win!
thanks sam. Hope all is well.
Im kinda proud of #presidentobama today, he stood of for his beliefs even tho he's going to catch alot of hell
Smiling and nodding to agree w/ you. RT : I'm at the point of just smiling and nodding folks. Just smile and nod. <U+E40D>
Nowak: Schalke game is a good chance to gain experience
Monday's the last day to register for NBC "30 Rock" w/ Head Casting Director Katja Blichfeld. Sign up online or call 212.594.9616 now!
I'm ready for #MrsGalvan class
I will now ! What a catch !
My mom keeps calling me by my brothers name -.-
Give Us This Day Our Daily Bread
thanks for sharing guys!
Send Word Now Communications of the Year Finalist! #dri2012 Come by booth #101 May 20-23 and join us!!!!
Glad to hear you've got in the #ROC! Its a great place full of fun adventures to be had.
Pheww its working now.
You've pinpointed the moment I became aware of Michael Keaton.
Thanks! And congrats on the Dick Dowling exhibit. Nicely done!
request 4 , , and : RT In honor of our campaign’s wind down, tweet us your favorite report.
Getting ready to tee off in Warrensburg Schools Foundation Golf Tournament
How is it?
Mister Steve :) And how have u been? RT : Desiiiiiiiii!!!!! My pint size of fun!!!! Lmao
and the bitterness begins!!
Went to a screening last night of Think Like a Man this movie is the real truth. Funny. Kevin Hart is the man.
Next pitch from student - how to display ads based on GPS.
Your Beautiful<3
Three words: C.G.P. is amazing.
A ordinary girl who radiates love to world. CyrusRules <U+2665>
glad i heard and and watched all their videos lol.
awesome. will buy one and twitpic.
If you had told me this morning that tonight I'd be at a metal show with a mohawk, I wouldn't have believed you.
I feel like I should greet some of the folk I regularly see online during these late night Tweeting bouts. Hi, Guys! *waves* *grins*
His post-game meal was more impressive with 7 Big Macs and two small children.
Happy birthday Maggie! Have an awesome day! I'm sure you'll keep on celebrating until Coachella is over. Cheers! :-)
I <U+2665> EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! ;-)
recently just got my tickets for Action Item+Andy Grammer!!
now? Can this show get any better?? #superbowl2012 who else will show up???
We have a couple new beers to check out: Brasserie Pietra Colomba White Ale & Brasserie Duyck Jenlain Blond!!
oh ahha okay.
Good luck doing whatever you're doing!
Haha, yeah he was. That was very cool to see. He couldn't contain his excitement
Omg already tearing up at Greys <U+0001F630>
Albert Brooks as villain in Drive is jolting when you primary know him as Nemo's dad.
Glee made me forgive them for all the crazy this season with tonight's 2 shows. So many memories of my own graduation stuff
Well, considering you are thousands of miles away, its possible you wouldn't even make it for leftovers.
What's a 10-zip shellacking when you win the opening series against the WS champs?
Isn't it the truth!
Talking about the #shiftyourshopping holiday campaign at conference.
Me: it looks like it's wrapped in toilet paper My mom: Aye Valeria! Hahaha
Got iced
To sub or not to sub, that is the question. Which do you prefer?
honestly justin deserves better friends
can yu follow me? HAY.TRUST ME.it would mean the WORLD to me bc ur my WORLD<3
RT Practice what you preach OR don't speak.
Reading about pioneer women gives me newfound appreciation for indoor plumbing and electricity.
Helping to improve Wisconsin's economy ->> www.ThinkTankLive.com Biz strategy & tactics for real-world results.
Hard work pays off even if it's in the form of vs. tickets! Boat loads of appreciation to
I would love to be a mommy one day... #MothersDay thoughts :)
Only day 1 buddy, we'll see!
The Wonder Years on Netflix!? What? There goes my Sunday afternoon
both right now, xbox usually tho
#MillionDollarListingNewYork is THE most entertaining of the reality shows. Can't get enough.
If the weather is bad wait a minute it will change
Obsessed with #VitaCoCo :)
Nice that we finally get winter in March.
Lost cell signal during call. #gotmetro'd
i can't imagine that there is audio recording/synthesizing software less complicated than garageband even on an ipad...
"Cause I'm a lover, not a fighter. But I'm battling a heavy heart. Yeah I'm battling a heavy heart."
RIP Don!!
how are you so cute?! ah you are georgous <3 haha
Last daddy-daughter dance class tonight. Big recital this weekend at UWwhitewater. is heading to
I know I could have text but I felt like tweeting but what are you doing sunday at4
more like very gross -.- Haha congrats on UC Irvine btw :)
Just bought tickets to go see <3 :D #freakingout <3
Wow head ache :(
I know it's not even 9am, but a sounds good right about now....
The worst thing in the world is seeing your mom cry. You know it.
yeah dude. DEFINITELY learned a lot from that lol
3:45pm and my 3:30pm hasnt showed up yet. I even talked to him at 3 and he said nothing about being late.
Brussels recommendations?
I'm serious!!!
iPad session for faculty today. The group represented Emory College, Med & Grad School, Theology and Library - all brought their own iPads!
Nearly talked self into Texans. But going Ravens 20-17 - maybe because I'm rooting for Tebow vs. Suggs. Your gettin smarter
-heyy. FOLLOW BACK? :D
Now that's a sweet deal!
Troy Murphy is on the #Lakers?
LOVE WAS MADE FOR ME AND YOU!!!!!
are you gonna be in this weekend bro
easter leftovers = technicolor egg salad. also sirnaya pascha, but that's the color it's supposed to be.
lol they found a crack head under the couch hahaha!!!!!!
I need somebody who's down for me all the time, not some time
We LOVE our local #SanFrancisco fans. Especially #Changemakers, like !
I almost did that before RT : This is pretty bad. I think I've developed a habit of depending on NyQuil to fall asleep at night
She said. . You ain't no good , but you feel so good. She said.. what if I could.. but I gotta leave you alone
yeah, yeah yall got the W,but its a 7game series and my squad are those young grasshoppers learning more from each game
making a tumblr account, i have no idea how to use it "/
Starbucks' Gluten-Free Valencia Orange cake is surprisingly yummy!!
create a Flickr group for members to submit photos
... Justin V. Plays 4 the " Detroit Tigers"
I go there all the time, but I'm in canton. There are no other close options I walk to except canton sq or royal farms
my roommate would kill me
Student ownership of mobile devices/smartphones is increasing 71%/year & they are overwhelmingly positive @ use of mobile devices.
I know this is a late congrats but well done #floweralley magic. And just to think a year ago it started in the 2011 Ashland
i followed and liked your pages and everything :)
Laura Carlo on the air from this am waking up listeners and all of #ClassicalNewEngland! www.classicalnewengland.org
I dunno, the one you created seems pretty epic. Sets the bar high
StoryCorps staff mark stories on a scale for "reproducibility for radio." Is there a way to predict this rating based on numerical data
Almost one year later: Pakistan says Osama bin Laden's 3 wives and 11 children have been deported to Saudi Arabia.
hahaha I love roller costers and you? :)
Casting reality show! Have a friend in a bad relationship? Should they break up? Email your story:
Stone cold nuts.
We're working on a few flashmobs and pranks, but not quite ready to go yet. Soon!
Condolences to Willie's family.. I hate that the world has one less genuine blues artist!
#kids Charlotte's Web at Artisan Center Theater, Fri, May 18 4:30p: All the enchanting characters are here in this beautiful, knowing...
Good morning! Taking a break from Zazzle artwork - spinning wool from our sheep for change of pace - soft blue heather yarn for now. :-)
Hi,I am new to seo and looking for some nice techniques which helps me can anybody share nice information with me.
Tears will get you sympathy, sweat will get you results.
"I'll take the blame, aqua seafoam shame!"
Hey there DataFest-ers - are you learning lots today? Let's hear about it!
AYE LOOK AT YO LAST MENTION FROM ME. ..I JUST DID!!! ^_^
Just swam. Keuka lake tri this sunday.
The older the Facebook post, the creepier your "like" becomes.
man, you'd think that being you would have better quality in your video podcasts. Seriously guys, let's up the ante a bit, huh?
Another excellent visit with John Wayne, frozen yogurt and Elevation Burger. Hooah!
get em' CeCe!!!....those are some fierce shoes!!!!
Brothers in Blue Hell, once again.
Human ribs? Ewwww.
The heart has its reasons that reason knows nothing of
way u kno bout dat asap marco
Celebrating the holidays with our fellow members tonight!
YES! 6/10/09 ends the over-year long nightmare
i want to put that picture of you on hurrr
Mosquitos (the slow, guileless, springtime brood) also inspect me, move in closer as they identify a potential blood donor.
Groundhog Day: Evidence that weather men still haven't convinced people that they know what they're talking about.
amen brother... Love those guys...
Spent the last day of the year in shorts and a short sleeve shirt....not a bad way to end 2011
Is it cool if you wish Desmond loved you as much as he loves Penny? Asking for a friend.
Geez...Louise..
Thanks for following!!
BECAUSE SHE WAS A FIERCE LIONESS PROTECTING HER CUB!
just sent it
“People with clenched fists can not shake hands.” - Indira Nehru Gandhi
Robert Gupta of LA Philharmonic is playing at Libros in the Hammer at Wilshire and Westwood!
is a natural star!
The geese seem to have decided that Milwaukee is far enough south for them this winter.
Good Night. Last Day Of March Break.
oh thanks b-rad!
Got Bieber Fever and Simpson Syndrome
Mahomies: When we party, WE PARTY HARD.
Can I Live???
Guess #oomf can't text me no.more
finally getting around to upgrading all my indexes from solr 1.4 to 3.5
omg there are other people who have hash tagged big boob problems too! Hehe
im so fucken hyped for this game tonight aahhhhhhhhhhhh
First time on a train and wow... SO MUCH ROOM! And the seats recline! Bigtime!
no prob on the rt chk out my beats on myspace.com/djlilsyn
Thanks for being a fan and tell your son Happy Birthday
Surreal, but shockingly, entertaining as well. Not bad job by Anderson either:)
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 45
I need to try something like that...
when are you coming home?!?!
Glad to have you join us! You r going to have to put your glasses on tho.. the last couple times you have been kind of slow
lol its dragging along...but im surviving
i luv u
#first40songsonshuffle 36. Just Lose It - Eminem
I deleted a tweet so it would go back in the 7,000s and I redid my 8,000th tweet.
Never heard of it. No.
bring dem gold teeth and that swag to detroit.
up early #getmoney $
Smash the beat for the savage streets where they blastin heat, cursed to be the first to be last or be the last to lead #Assassin's Greed
I knew that :p It was "Pearl" I was laughing at
I know your pops ain't gonna let that slide!
One on One: Paul Maritz, VMWare Chief Executive
game starts at 8:30 on friday
Women LOVE to be complimented....
not much and aw i miss you too :(! wbu? xx
ah elaina is a vampire now!!! omg!! what's gonna happen now!!!
It is called "virtual hold." You'll probably use it at your credit card co or internet/cable provider. Thanks for the tweet.
my house is turning into a studio for fashion photography, which means that when I walk around shirtless and in soccer shorts = sexy.
Oh, I love those, too! Jalapenos are da bomb!
would it go with ur dres? J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
<U+266B> Keith Sweat - Whatever You Want <U+266B>
Welcome everyone to the 2012 one handed hipster Olympics!
There is a on the way to/from work. I made it three whole days without stopping. Yay me! ;) #ihaveaproblem <U+0001F460><U+0001F457><U+0001F459><U+0001F45C><U+0001F462><U+0001F484>
There is a movie being shot by my house!!!!
That looks and sounds delicious!
good morning!
what is your position on #Acupuncture & #OrientalMedicine and it's inclusion in #Healthcare reform and #medicare reform?
feels as though he should tweet more, feels as though he should do more than grade first
S3 If your target-customer is not being redefined and you aren't firing customers as you grow, i believe biz is failing
just when we started running to it... RT nyti.ms/o4ZeZF Edgar Allen Poe's house is in trouble
will have his hand raised after the fight
#incollege u learn about shit that is irrelevant just like in high school. but some shot will really help yo ass in the long-run
Good Morning, Cincinnati! Please follow the #NGS2012 hashtag for great info and tweeps to follow! Have a fabulous Friday!
I should sleep now...
Definitely surprised the drop wasnt bigger....
Remember only I can prevent forest fires
:D|Yeah baby! #Thunder UP! #OKC (( )) was on Fire!~Lightening strikes! Boom~boom~boom~boom!=Looking 4 a sweep!
ugh yur almost in high school how is this possible & i have no clue how to get there lmfaaaaaaooo
i know but im always getting ready for work so i never have time
Won't be able to say in 24 hrs: "what a beautiful Spring morning it is." Dislike
I've decided I am not going to go to Florida for a week over the summer.
Well it worked, my cough is definitely better.
On set at Little River Studios - what an amazing place to shoot!
Or at my State Rep office at the the TLR Cafe open until 2AM! ": #Youhaventlived until you've two stepped at Billy Bob's."
i made it work!:)
Thanks for the love!
did yu get to see him at all??
History does repeat itself. Now, sadly, we're headed back to the 1950s.
excellent, I've been looking for some good oral advice.
On this date: In 1012, Pope Sergius IV died, ending a nearly three-year papacy; he was succeeded by Pope Benedict VI.
Kim Reynolds jazz band really livens up Saturday brunch.
#iUseToThink mugs didn't want these problems but I see they do
RT : RT Let everyone know they can support Charity: Water with the pungle.me app! Any questions, send them to me!
Larry Lewis USC commit will not quaify academically..Lewis will open back up his recruitment and head to prep school.
Aramis Ramirez won’t re-sign with the Cubs
Happy birthday ~~~>
Excited about the possibility of yall sponsoring a "Streak". www.CityStreak.com.
Making videos for the show today.
I am obsessed with #Scandal. Basically for all the reasons you noted. We are campaigning for #OliviaPopeActionFigures :-)
Watching the essence music festival can you pull yo pants up im tired of looking at the crack of yo ass!!!! im sorry i lov u tho
Got my hair braided #sum new
Hesitating Beauty playing at the Tulsa airport. I wish I had a Percocet and a glass of wine.
Tweet Number 1. Getting Started. The Birth of a Brainchild. Excited to Begin.
I look at the clock everyday at 4:20 , lbvs .
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards. -Benjamin Franklin
Just Pinky Promised with and
Shoutout to ! Everyone go follow him!
ouf beh, gotta get the word out somehow!
She is.
Yeh, its not always easy, but ya gotta just do it. Be yourself, dont try too hard, dont worry about rejection, blah-blah-blah. :)
its always the ones who talk so much about it that don't know how to. don't talk the talk, if u can't walk the walk
It's time #BBN showed some much needed love and throw him a offer
ha ha. Thanks for ruining Titanic for me :P
Have a need for speed? Experience indoor go kart racing at ’s Hollywood, FL location!
Looks like 's brilliant strategy of combing porn stars and terrell suggs has
Yaaaaay! Leaving your comfort zone is hard but rewarding! Do it kim!
that's cool! (: do you perform anywhere ? (:
News channels 4 and 6 have been here today... what about you, Ch 10? Great photo ops for opening day! Watch for us on tv!
Thats so cool, fantasy baseball is back…The only good thing about the
Watching fire trucks converge on the Monroe Building downtown and the occupants streaming out into the rain. Hope all is ok.
Ok I watched covers of the songs that I've written on YouTube tonight and was so moved. I seriously almost cried. Feeling so blessed now.
Good band! Good Food! Get over here!
I'm from where your hustle determins your salary.
#oomf is so FAKE for that foul shit she pulled ..!!!!
Can you please follow me? Your Gorgeouss <3
50 colorful sailboats racing around Elliot Bay. Along came the big bad ferry and chased them all away. -Dave, Ageless
Yeah! “: Just bought another copy of See. Mix. Drink for a friend. The perfect gift. ”
<------- i got a new profile pic. its HENDRIX,princetons new little puppy. isnt he cute
Really enjoyed at First Ave this evening. Can't say I've ever been to a show quite like it. And that man can fiddle!
11:11 still have not got my wish..
Anything not moving forward, is moving backwards. Is your key system and physical security programs moving forward?
all the time
I don't subtweet. Unless you have a tail and think your some sick cage fighter from columbus
damnit you caught me :P haha
6 more weeks of school. Hell yea!
i hate when i mean to text someone and i send it to twitter.
Banner outside Capitol: Assembly Democrats Are Open for Business. Reps from districts 62, 9, 73 & 42 meeting with people outside.
I grew today. Its not about what you know, its about what you learn.
OctoberFest Sales going on all month long at MusicalStop.com MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America.
Basketball 101: If a team doesnt get any offense early in the shot clock it gets difficult to score consistently.
WTF is #Chicago thinking??? great idea not so good execution
Is there one root cause 4 why we haven't solved global poverty, famine, education, sustainable energy or cured major diseases?
Semi-Finalist, Josh Niznik, a sophomore from University of Pittsburgh, can also play the viola and alto sax!
I'm sharing another past favorite movie with Dylan; tonight we are watching Red Dawn.
"god i can't wait till the weekend" "Elyce its Monday."
btw what you saying this long weekend?
Beef negimaki wit extra sauce
*Computer freezes.* ME: "WTF?!" *Starts clicking everywhere.*
the perfect cup of coffee! The dc gov one is good too but I get the sense you want to focus on something more positive
Just got tickets to American Reunion!! Going to dinner and a movie with
Things I love that men do: holding your hand in public, writing you love notes, missing the toilet and pissing on your towels.......
haha WHORE?! whatchuu talkin bout B I T C H<3 haha I do love you, I do.
that does not deserve respect, sorry. She makes this fan base look like absolute trash. No need for it...
Spend the 1st day of Spring here!
Sexy Halloween costumes can showcase your daring and fun side
I was up nice and early and ready to go... until I fell asleep. Typical Katie Edge move.
Wow celtics are on a big run right now
Hi Ann sorry I missed you today! Were you there? If so, hope you had a good conference...
Excited about potentially being a contestant on Ridley and Tony Scott's new show Shooters! Hope to hear!
& are the most amazing/tallented aussies! and my biggest inspirations! #AUSSIESRULE! <3
just playing off the headline. we love Portland. it's a tease for our arts marketing convention coming in 2013 too
i want something extraordinary and beautiful and simple & intricately patterned. – Scott Fitzgerald
I get computers
i think its dumb. :o
My mother in law is a stark raving bitch!.
#ThingsIHate Shaving my exgf's face.
Thank you for following us! As a thank you gift we would like to offer you one for our environmental reports for free.
Wow I remember when Shaq was a rapper he has done it all a great mentor for young men
75 more people
Okay I'm done with throwing my miraculous tatas in people's faces at 9 then tell everyone im coming to snuggle.
Wearing a MSU shirt in an office full of UofM & OSU fans sure does provoke alot of trash talking. Luckily I have a 1 seed team in my corner.
thank you for putting us on the list
Thanks John! We are!
only real niggas know what "the curse" was in middle school
To stay in and watch Netflix all day/ night or actually go have a life.... Netflix it is.
Great article!
aww I almost invited you!!
RT : We've got a lecture on your favorite topic: SHARKS! Saturday April 21st 10 am - 11 am at the Tijuana River Estuary...
nthn just chilling what's up with u how r u
I'm just kidding!!
Attending broadband breakfast event in dc on rural broadband
Kate Beckinsale is so hot. Half of it is that accent ;)
You might like a quote by Paul Krugman relating people who deny capitalism (well, free trade) to people who deny evolution.
Weak, inefficient, stupid, and futile, Mercedes
Working on the project list. Plenty of things to do! Most of them really fun and exciting!!!
Wow, appears to have sold out its first ticket allocation within 1 minute of registration opening. Bummer. :(
AH! I cant contain my excitment !
my bad, totally haven't checked my drawings in like a week--more stick figures coming right up! Ha :)
RT : “You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.” - Zig Ziglar
Hi Noticed that you tweeted about your electric bill last week-was it distressing? Have you ever considered prepaid electricity?
Mr. Don Cornelius: thank you for introducing us to the talents of the music & comedic industry via Soul Train! Rest In Peace.
It really doesn't matter...life DOES go on
me too!!! Haha
theme song for the Ravens this year
haha! I usually don't mind patchouli, it is just overwhelming in such a small coffee shop ;)
Get your workout in today, even if it means doing it while watching football in front of the tv!!
Soon im going. Too Mexico this week well im leaving. Today ;)
Try my best to be a good man
you owe me a signature sir.
So glad it's Friday!
A strong woman is a woman who can smile this morning like she wasnt crying last night.
Who walked to her kid's school today to pick him, walked home, and STILL did a mile on the treadmill tonight? That's right. THIS woman.
#bieberonthevoice ah !!!!!! I Love you Justin !!! (:
I had a great day !
Is this a Smokey Robinson hologram on DWTS?
what about today
Good morning to you as well ::hugs:: I couldn't take him this morning.
In elementary I was voted most devilish child... BUAHAHA!.
Wokeup quick @ about noon just thought I had to be in ChiTown soon I gotta get drunk b4game begins b4MattGarza starts pitchin bout myfriends
I'm guessing that my lean pockets aren't that healthy for me
Watching American Idol...they sound pretty good!
Bring on the sweatpants!
could be doing lots of worse things to your neighbors!
YOU GUYS WERE AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #PROUDDIRECTIONER <3
Whoo Hoo! Hope you book it!
Back on twitter!! :D
used to see it in college, people would take the bus up Bascom Hill in Madison. Stupid. Lazy.
Oh no! Cooper just discovered the WWE. Says his friends have been telling him about John Cena.
Please make a few exceptions. :-)
Discere Docendo => To learn through teaching
RT KyleDZimmerman Who the hell is calling the shots at FOX? Half way money 5laps away and a commercial....
RT : is killing it right now! Angel on my shoulder but a devil in my head!
Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders!!!!
niceRT : 4 out of 6 in #BlindTasting isnt too bad. Close on the other two with no Punts. thanks for the tasting
its time to bring the 3 goggles back!
Acquire inner peace and a multitude will find their salvation near you ~ Catherine de Hueck Doherty
hahaha. At least it was Halloween.
I would swear I met you in the late 60's early 70's while I was in the AirForce.
“Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction
Lets Go Pacers.
if you're into electronic... anything by
Win the lottery commit you life to Christ Join us 4/7 wit Fundraiser
congrats! since you dont really remember the first 1/3 of your life this means you've been together half your lives!
GOOD MORNING !!<3
Erika, you're my 1,000 follower. Love to gift you a copy of Telling Lies. Send me your email and I will do.
Jordan Jefferson already got waived lol
<U+266B>Black Cat, nine lives — short days, long nights. Better watch your step or your gonna die<U+266B>
I really loved Jimmy's choice, A LOT. I liked all three, but Jimmy's choice was a beautiful side of Phillip. :)
Ima be me 365 an 366 on leap year
Congrats on your #iat50 win yesterday! It was awesome being on the course with you, you're an inspiration to us all.
ok my sore throat has graduated to a sore throat with the sniffles, moms just gave me some orange....
Good call me or I'll call you
Harry Belafonte presenting next. Seen him so much lately! How lucky am I?
Thanks a bunch
That is awesome! What is your favorite song off of Ayla's new album?
Best seat I've ever had on a plane. Row 2. And this is the only seat in Row 2. And there is a window.
Well there goes my bracket. Picked the #tarheels to win it all. UConn is my only hope
I did not notice wording, Thanks
#dressupfriday could be more fun to see how u look by lunchtime if everyone brings something for you to wear...
ewww for real???
we didn't get socialized healthcare nor was what he proposed socialist
"No socks and my boat shoes" tomorrow night. Round 2 for Wiz
I seem to be in the reverse 1% - that's people at #aam2012 without an ipad :-(
if these refs overturn this than they are consistently anti-green bay
hahaha Ikr. He should come this weekend.he will have so much fun
Love your ladybugs quote! :)
Way to much sexy tonight, Dx
my mom got it at Kmart
u used to pay people to do it 4 u????
We want to hear from YOU! What activities would you like to see featured as our "outing of the month"? Let us know!
I would have paid big PPV rates if they had kept behind-the-scenes cameras running during that last commercial break.
Butter cake therapy?
Thank you! Very grateful for all the success 'Briefcase' has had so far!
follow back?
#kids Mother's Day Lights Out! at Dallas Zoo, Sat, May 12 7:30p: Is your mother the adventurous type? Sign up for a special adventure at...
Tell people my last name why dont ya!? It's fine! Lol
Cue the Christmas in march tweets
Just noticed new avatar.
YAY! I can't wait!
that was my day off. drat!
well said well said
What? Do I need to make another trip to the dirty? Bmore careful!!
Thanks! I'm an SEO Analyst.
I just definitively proved Tom Hanks looks like head of Cauliflower.
some people will NEVER appreciate shit . ehh your character , not mine ;
Im so excited no fuckin clu3!!
So I think I found my true love.. It seems like we may be together forever lol he's the sweetest guy out there C: I love him So much! ;P
And now is entertaining the #SILtweetup group by chopping a telephone book into little pieces w/ guillotine
Zito hammered by ChiSox. Send Zito to Single-A SJ for the remainder of his contract, or until he fades completely away. GONE
about 60% agents, but we cater to them more so than affiliates. If you could be there at 8-8:15a….I'll be sure to have coffee!!
Tune in April 21st to see the premier of my client's (Kelly Edwards) new show "Tacky House" on Style Network. www.kellyedwardsinc.com
I thought #AmericaPieReunion was fabulous! Bring back all of the #90s #music!!!!
My said he'd be up at 8, and it's 9 D:
Nothing gets the ol'heart a pumping than the yips of Wile E. Coyote this AM. Wonder if he'd like to meet the business end of my Remington?
Awww :-( RT No more than 27,000 rhinos are left on Earth.
Learned of Miyazaki in 05 while washing pelagic birds in an oil spill, a colleague explained using Miyazaki to teach ethics to 10-12 yr olds
Oregon coast bound for the weekend!!!
Kings Island in 8 days!!!!
" #thingsinnaterobinsonsbackpack ... all the items needed to ride the pine." Like bunions on your butt cheeks? LoL
Buffs get to the line for the first time with 3:27 left. Ridiculous.
Interesting. Didn't do that. Are you Mr. Viddy?
Pitchers lick their fingers because they taste good...who knew?
setting up christmas decorations with my grandparents at their house : ) i love the holidays.
50% off something that tastes like garbage is still too much to pay for something that tastes like garbage, no?
I lol at girls that are psycho its like they have the devil in them
Ah yeah, is now following me. Life is complete.
“: congrats but the work isn't done. Keep working hard and bring us another title” thx Coach Williams
wow fancy garage, ever put a car in that space?
*eyes closed* I'd "see" what I could do
Loving this Florida weather!
happened to me many times :)
Acting today w/ after months of legal drama and winning in court yesterday. Glad to be back on set and have my life back. :)
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!7
Hope you enjoy your #German Language and Culture day with Have a great time in Karlsruhe in May.
Have you heard about the Rampture? It's a prequel to the sequel Carmageddon 2. Coming this June to Los Angeles.
haha I never got a call last night! True life: freaked out when i ran into you last night #loveyou!
As had been expected, Facebook will debut on the Nasdaq tomorrow morning at a price of $38 per share . What's that mean for you? No
have to wonder what an ice cream truck is doing out in october....
whahah u do to!!! It's such a beautiful name!!
Freezing cold, snow, warm, rain. The average week in Chicago. I've learned to live with it.
Well, I didn't win the lottery. There goes my house in Maine and Florida and Bora Bora and Arizona and...........
Yay, is loading demo of the super awesome shelf life! It addresses both shelf browsing and social profiles.
nice man!! I'll go with you when you get one my guy
Cool! I'll follow you back!
too bad the dragonball z/gt series had to end
#kids Saturday Scholars at Irving Central Library, Sat, May 19 10:00a: Volunteers will be available to tutor and assist students in...
Yesterday's trip to Keeneland racetrack was rewarding. Also had time to visit my ADAMS ancestors at historic Lexington, KY.
Brian plays Violin, wants to learn Cello, likes 1D, his favorite song is Moments, & we like the same stuff. He's my future husband, omfg.
thank you! :)
If Sarah Palin decided to record an album,someone would make it happen.It's really sad!
I somehow lost like a third of my followers.(thats only like 22 people). And i wonder,"am i that offensive? I must b doing sumthin right!
Wow, Roy got the clown suit. Good job by Self.
": hi unc how u been" I'm good, chilling wit a blunt! How about u?
how's everybody doing today?? pretty hot here in NYC still, gonna stay indoors for sure..
Tryna see what to do this weekend
Turns out, the weekend wanted only to devour my immune system whilst out with friends.
Are you coming out with anymore music videos for #AYNIN ?
It's going to be in the low 70s all week!
Future of IT study from NASA JPL CIO #premier100conf "work w/anyone from anywhere w/ any data using any device @ any time"
If only The Dollar Store sold gasoline...
If someone busts my new polish stoneware mugs on this bus I will be supremely displeased. Let me live.
Hopefully 's plans to relaunch Bungalow 8 will reboot #NYC's social scene. Amy, your vision continues to inspire.
Uh oh get ready Philly...big Kyle got a haircut!!!!
• Just the rest of the series...not the whole playoffs
You a lucky dude Josh :)
I believe in the sand beneath my toes; the beach gives a feeling, an earthy feeling.
congrats to u and the fam!
Wow. Havent played a tourney in a while. Forgot what it was like to be card dead. Dont like being reminded
Is there any way to disable rich text in iOS 5 Mail? I just want plain text. Now copied text from preserves line height & junk.
thank you and for making my car rides more enjoyable :)
definitely! (just so you have context, Andrew and Melissa are engaged! and he's super awesome!)
i am so done
>Thank you
breakfast, lunch and dinner ....plus 3 baskets of chips.
NBA Playoffs
hang in there lol
Shit I'm chillin watching the game I'm not going out till thurs RT : what you on
You should've been here! We are having a blast!
Ancient Aliens must of run out of stuff to pin on the aliens this week ~ no new episode. :D
You too! Only 5 days until the weekend.... :)
There can be no spoiler alerts for The Happening. M. Night Shyamalan already spoiled it for all of us simply by making it.
Janes Addiction please !
It's all good Adam. We're just tired of great players like yourself having to carry all the weight every…single…season.
At Fox Harbor now but might head to the Can
Financial Company in New York, Aquarian Business Group has just joined our divine network, enhancing Kingdom Business!!
why is No. 7 sub so crowed?! Line wrapped around the block..
or abreast
Like said uma have to get at for the up-n-comin artists.. U got me on that #KKBangz cuz..
Disconcerting the way #MittRomney's hair looks like #DonDraper's, like when poop resembles chocolate.
everytime I see a colossal bug on FB (everyday), I think "write crap code and profit on the backs of suckers, er, users"
doesn't follow us on here :( but he follows me on my personal :'D <3
oh thats cool
Are you attending a Halloween party this weekend? What are you dressing as?
lol I've always liked mustangs :p and don't be a hater!
This fucking guy is crazy!
it only hurts when we pretend it doesn't.
Going home and finding out my mom ordered chinese food >
Are you around for Easter? I still have a bobblehead for you, but you never answer me...
Thank you. True class!
lol okay! imma check and make it fair x
My first tweet and I already feel cooler. Now for some sleep after the madness that was Madison. it was awesome, but I need some water. Now.
Say ahh yeah... We havin a party up in here fo sho...
Michael says he can't sleep so you give him propofol? A simple joint a night would have done the trick...#ChildPlease lost a legend
The only thing you should FOLLOW is your dreams. In the words of Steve Jobs, "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."
Whats with all of the dumb cat skits?
Ok Lakers won everybody can stfu talking about the game now :P
all smiles:D
im gonna go wally backman on his ass
I complain too much. #beautifuldaytoday. :) thanks for the party/gig last night &
LOL but we don't! :D If we did we'd be tweeting every 15 seconds which equates to 5,760 times each day! ;-)
omg I love ur avi!!!! How r u my lady??
#FF University of Michigan Depression Center
Raven Symone came out as lesbian?! Oops.
and I have the knees of a 70 year old.
Thanks for the reply. But what if you joined Twitter first and then launched your business? What if any would you do different?
yeah their pretty good :-)
any relation?
A lower budget doesn't have to mean lower quality.
You guys r awesome! ;-) Luvya
Lauren and I plan on jumping off of a cliff holding our anatomy text book.
When you give a chick a Rusty Nail, are you handing her old construction materials?
It's my hometown too! Are we related? :)
Finally watching that LAC at OKC game. Perkins passed up a shot over Blake. He just didn't want to get in that ass again LMAO!
What NADA University Workshops are you going to?
When will Shamrock Shakes start in 2011? I missed out last year and have been craving one since!
A DEER?! My fucking dream come true!! <U+0001F60D>
Photo Review: Keep Portland Weird Fest (in Paris), Day Three
thanks! it was great seeing you last night! - it was great to meet the team last night - such nice people!
#Milwaukee, love pizza and beer? Go to for a FREE 12" pizza with every pitcher ..everything Thursday!
Twitter is made for games like this
Happy birthday Sara!! Happy Belated birthday to Joe, and Ryan!!
all new !! Ashton Kutcher was on today. He does look like Jesus with the beard...
i'm not sure about start dates of the other internships. If you see one that's unfilled and you're interested, send an email.
Rise up world , your day should start out great of you woke up this morning!!!!!
Never Say LOL
It's something wrong with you -_-
Always chase your dreams instead of running from your fears.
: whats going on Vegas this weekend?
Have you been using my name again? <U+263A>
holy Moses. Who made that?! It's beautiful. Don't eat it--too pretty.
nope your wrong! Lol
I was just at Jim's house too!
I'm not okay and I wish you knew.
I know what you're looking at and so does Jesus. Lol
2 more months to go xD
I Know Where Im Not Welcome .... So Dint Worry About Me ... :-)
lol you hit a car
funny how the little things can completely ruin your day
More and more good ideas from the PCI team this weekend! Looking forward to sharing them with you all soon
Thank you so much, Elizabeth!! Sounds like that should be a conference!! :) xoxo
Why do we want Anchorman 2? Look what Anchorman did to Will Ferrell's movies since...
Not upset at all. Happy Friday. :)
LTFU.!!!! The role model to all of us ghetto boyz with hollywood dreams WE ARE THE FUTURE!!!! #We are problemgang
Managing Twitter wall at #techatstate Serious Games - tons of interaction and lots of energy today!
Where is the arm cuff you are rockin on tonights #fashionstart from?!
#NPtech Tip: Want more retweets? Make sure your tweets are short enough fit RT and your username.
Excited for the launch tomorrow
The essence of all things is invisible to the eyes but not the heart
She asked do you like orange juice and I replied, no, I like YOUR juice ;)
That moment when I realize I'm wrong in the middle of an augument.
ha! private school auction tonite.. just got things cleaned up and now i'm winding down.
We want to hear your favorite stories from the Wild Canyon Games, please share them here on our WCG facebook page!!
What prevents syndicators from creating their own, similar badge program? e.g.: MLSProvided®
Also, I almost brought raw onions into the office. would've killed me.
RT : More time we spend opening our imaginations and experience the cleansing process of journaling, we hit gold.
Thank you to all the designers, guests, bloggers, and everyone that came to our Bedmaking event today! Sweet dreams to you all!
I saw the dreaded "skapri" in Athleta catalog. O tempora! O mores! O horrid hybrid!
lol Jk jk. U know I lahh you. :) Edgar does the dick slapping round there. Lol
Have you upgraded your work attire and need to get rid of your gently used old clothes? Donate them to our YBGB Professional Clothing Drive!
Did it hurt when you fell from the whore tree, and banged every guy on the way down?
I like the song Love you Like a Love Song from Selena Gomez and the Scene.It is fantastic
Hot town, summer in the city!!
I would advise they figure out what the customers want then make sure you consistently meet and/or exceed their expectations
Ill remember all yall Lakers fan when OKC up by 30 later..
Working on an article, finding tonnes of stuff to do that is not related.
UPDATE 2-F&C shows fresh outflows as strategic review nears
Exercise provides better result than drugs or a combination drugs/exercise according to five meta-analysis on depression.
HAW BOUT ME
Welcome to Miami!
right? i mean, i've gotten some great bj's, and i'm not knocking it, but seriously, after a while.. i'm like la.. la.. la..
Ha! And I'm only in my first year! Mwahaha! :)
The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.
Morning!! I'm good, still have a cold :-(
You did it! nice work ladies. RT : Week 1, Day 1 of half marathon training...eek!
we got em next season , go bulls
Regardless of when you begin work in the vineyard, you'll get paid the same, but you probably shouldn't slack off
We got to get you out here this summer. You are too good to be hiding back east. Remember these words: GO WEST YOUNG MAN!
Free girl band name: "Kiss Attack"
FYI-for those of you who vowed to keep the Christmas spirit all through the year, I didn't get a present from you in Q1.
I miss Dale sr also.
Tonight is Jim Ripp playing all your fave songs!
nop never.. you should have blue :)
that's really fucked up of you to say that
The little piñata on display at iparty? I NEED IT.
#NP Better Than I Know Myself - Adam Lambert.
And if our #GOD is for us, then who could ever stop us?
Its nothing like having a #Virgin to love :)
History teaches us that when a barbarian race confronts a sleeping culture, the barbarian always wins.
I get paid to manage a forest, kinda
Come and soak up the sun with us! Our patio is now open your
you in l.a. lol
my grandpa eats cow tongue on his tacos. it's gross.
Movie night? I think so.
Phillip is doing really good! I don't know why the judges are being so hard on him! Lol For some reason..I don't think Jessica
“: Police recover video card swallowed by hang glider pilot after woman fell to death in tandem ride WHAT?!!
This bitch says your a nobody but can't find nothing better 2 do then talk shit 4 someone she probably never met,pathetic
Dear - Get yo sexy butts to texas. Please and thank you.
Heey i havent been on twitter for 10 days so can you tell me why is his nickname bubbles? :)
Driver in fatal laughing-gas crash to stand trial
Wow! That looks awesome - thank you!
Thursday was Saturday, yesterday was Saturday, today is Saturday, and tomorrow is Sunday. Next weekend will feel like a ripoff!
I thought For Today was playing bamboozle?
hahaha yeah. i'm hoping i do a little better!
i know :( but i have to study alot for this big test were gonna have :( so how was your day? :)
Don't take credit for 's work!RT : Me and keepin this Intrust Bank lockerroom fresh!
this is a terrific post. GREAT idea to apply clin exc domains to SoMe!
Windows Opened! Birds Singing! Sun Shining! Lovely Music Playing! WE LOVE YOU NEW YORK! WE LOVE YOU SPRING!
crushes crush you.
Taste your words before you spit them out.
#MCFC fans are experiencing a joy similar to that of #Packers fans after wining SB31. Generations thought it would never happen again.
We had thunder. We had rain. We had hail, but no cow. we didn't have cow.
thank you for the mentions
They dont miss youu when your gone they miss you when you`ve moved on. <U+2665>
Maybe I Could Go Put In Some Apps While Im Waiting
I can't believe all the personal stuff I used to post on the internet. I have grown so much now!!!!!!!!!
RT if you believe i love you...
wtf does that have to do wit shit son?
“: How do we know that all these people discovering the truth about Sarah Phillips are not, in fact, Sarah Phillips?” indeed
Most of the time at least :) twitter is hard..
yes! A family musical sounds perfect! Les Mis?? Perfect.
You're gonna regret being a bitch to me, mom . When you're old & need my help, I'm gonna stick your ass in a sanatorium.
We all need encouragement, especially when we're moms of four and it's summer time. ; )
You know, football isn't nearly as fun to watch when beer isn't involved
Stop in for an amazing wine flight today!
I am a junior now...I truly feel like I just started, so that is weird to say. Sounds good though!
Watch Need to Know on WXXI today at 12:30 p.m. Prof. Mitch Messina talks about Enlightened Earth, currently in the Arts Center Gallery.
you have great personality and i love your singing! :) folow pls?
Is it weird that I don't even curse in my head? Or try not to.
#erl12 Will next gen ILS knock products like Coral out of libraries?
i hope she's okay.
The Nato gathering is coming to town. If you live in the city, how are you preparing?
I also understand the importance of good internal controls.
feelin some Italian food for dinner...#spaghettiitis :)
Is now is the right time for you to refi or buy? We can help you find out. Call Mountain Trust Mortgage Services today at (858) 376-1299.
I love you more Bella <U+0001F618>
can u what
So they probably lose another 100 eh?
Who ordered the poopoo platter?
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit - Vince Lombardi. Get up and get moving, don't give up!
RT : thx! Love your videos! <Thanks! Now following
I'm going to the Louisville one. Oct 28.
#NP "that's not love"
oh ha. Made me laugh.
you should come to Brazil in the summer (: imma be there! :D
Fear trumps freedom and faith trumps fear, so our freedom is found in our faith.
aww sorry I guess it really hurt your feelings
damn i feel like my 5k tweet is taking forver to get here.
as they say 'bring it on'
I think my yoga instructor may be a merman. They were gills flapping under that tank top, had to be.
Im late to the Gotye party, but doesnt that hit song remind you of the Police mixed with Peter Gabriel?
Cant hear anything over the howling wind - I'm barely exaggerating “: Not looking forward to hearing boos for Braun tonight”
its beautiful today actually and lola smells like a wet dog when she is wet so ... yes! she smells fantastic! pets for zoey :)
we erase history and turn a blind eye to the pathologies of power that transcend all borders."-Paul Farmer
Thanks so much for voting for me everyone! I love LOVE that I'm still on the show and am having the time of my life! THANKS!
I have a feeling is going to kill me after a week of eating/drinking in Europe! But excited to get back into it!
everyone on tv covering up for the vikings, who kidnapped mel kiper and what did they do with him? no one is critical anymore and it sucks
how are you? :)
RT : Marketplaces should be ultimately relevant to users. Eco-systems, and platforms with great ux win the day.
I'm young, educated and technologically savvy, but I can't seem to get the hang of twitter. How silly is it that I feel guilty for that?
Wow... intense.
how about u actually use your phone sometime
<A #trend of one ;) Wouldn't have it any other way.
If you haven't entered for a chance to win tixs to this wkend's Discover the Dinosaurs, today's your last chance. G'luck!...
"The discovery of greatness in her legs came too late for the kind of dreams a younger woman might have." Use my 1 NYT article: ol' runner.
this guy ALWAYS tries to make every conversation sexual! like eww no GTFO! -____-
Well, you might just get your wish! ;)
As a Democrat, I can't wait for the next Republican debate.
is in the building.
If you get beat. Just dive. #realmadrid 's motto.
Damn you Sproles, I love you as a player, but I'm really rooting against you tonight
this week 100% of our profits are going to the Hunger CleanUp in MKE! help a great cause and get some great grub!
MF is all you need for vid - for digital stills AF is nice to fall back on. A friend had Zeiss lenses, I think Canon is sharper.
Using children's storybooks and mining them for scientific understanding and processes
he called you? merp, i have to start every thing. yo lets hang out with guys.
Sex Is Always On My Mind.
Cut out another 2 Min of the film! We're down to 87 Min. Getting close to picture lock, but still need to add a scene towards the end.
I asked the stylist for a trim and she acted like my hair was her Thanksgiving Day turkey...
Having twitter issues.
SO TRUE!
Sketching out new design ideas- I love this part :)
I love Pan Am!
Now reading: Cheesemonger - A Life on the Wedge. Great book. Making me want to learn to be a cheese snob.
idk why I find it flattering you rubbed my ears... come back to ny! best manchestaaaaaa accent :)
Every time it rains there are multiple accidents becuz NASHVILLE DON'T KNOW HOW TO DRIVE
fuck is that
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 33
You too!
I cried my eyes out today, all my friends are officially out of HS. #iloveyou !!!!! :(
": I would back-hand the f*ck out of a 85 year old white women for a large sweet tea right now!"<-damn Somebody get her some tea!!
you will find out soon enough!! =]
It's Bootcamp time! Heading to Indianapolis Lighthouse Charter School! Let's stay healthy & strong!!!
Magnetic nail polish !! :D haha
": Stevie Wonder - magnificent. #WhitneyCNN" love mr wonder.
Officially found the one beautiful man on this campus. He looks like a young Rafael Nadal and has a cute little coin pouch.
That'll never happen!
Brit just hurt my feelings yall, she aint a real nigga no more.
Yes, would love to talk about it sometime. Your tweets are among my favorites.
sorry we missed you. Are you still in town? We could make plans to meet. Let me know.
whoop! I keep it G, lol.
that is good hockey right there. can't wait for the playoffs to start. best/toughest sport there is.
RT : It's ironic that in life, the person that brings out the best in you and makes you strong is actually your weakness
It was cute!
Why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there?
Yeah it was Dillard that got hit by back to back lefties. Still should only be one ROOGY in the pen
''Seesumbaagee votes for Seesumbaagee." --Seesumbaagee's assistant, "Pirates At World's End"
slow internet will be the end of my internet life.
having long hair for the day is so wierd O.o
say what??
Going to see a screening of #ProjectX with yay!
Yikes, even better! RT every NIGHT 11-close at 3. $10 for 3 Aces Double Double, PBR, and shot of Old Crow. Enjoy UniVillage!
I swear if saw that video of me and my bros cookin he would put us in
long run with dad this AM in prep for ! Happy 65th bday LioNEIL.
: What time is Blue & White game Saturday?
Was Joel Pett trying to sabotage KSR & with his intentional profanity? Thoughts, & ?
I gotta fucked the game but I left it where I found it.
haha i know. I stoped by .its all good. Took pic of front
- huge Pat Kiernan/NY 1 shout out today for that story!
BOX OFFICE MOJO: Think Like a Man Repeats Box Office Win with $18 Million
Can I step on your state it's so cute and small. It's like you can't even see it on the map! :)
ya bru not talking about you we good
I love Night Court!
What garment do you wear over and over?
Haha that is very unfortunate. I hope your other attempts boded better :)
I Love You too babe!!!!!! <U+E418>RT Happy valentines day to all the beautiful women!!! I love you!!
You might have to suit up for Game 3
HI everyone!!!
got shit to talk? do it in real life. to my face. you wont.
RT Until you stop settling for being an OPTION, how are you ever gonna be a PRIORITY?
can't wait for the single
i really dont no wat to do i cant sleep
I'm working on migrating my domains and hosting from Any domain reg/hosting platforms out there people love? Basic but wonderful?
where can I submit tracks?
My pleasure,
um. how can i put this delicately... well, dear, not exactly.
but u kno im cold
#FF back at you! Live learning with you!
I every day write to you "Please Follow Me" You can follow me? please it will mean so much to me 9
We can arrange for Donny to come back and remove that feeling for you.
I think about being a nun, and that means I"ll get NONE! That is troubling for me Mary Mag, a lustful woman like us, how did u do it?
LAST MINUTE RESCHEDULING! BLUE MAGIC IS NOW AVAILABLE SATURDAY NIGHT! Contact us now for deeply discounted rate. 405.447.2446
hahahah u better be!!!
I'm bulletproof, nothing to lose
brit award fashion = nasty
I want to leave, but feel I will need to be able to explain on how many ways Bill Gates is missing edu innovation
Looking forward to volunteering at Habitat for Humanity! I hope the weather isn’t terrible tomorrow morning.
#youknowyoubrokewhen canned tuna keeps u living
Wine bottles made into lamps! Or ... RT What's your favorite #upcycle, #recycle, or #repurposed #diy project idea?
I agree. I said after his rookie year he'd never win a ring. And I'm sticking to that.
Great stuff my friend thank you for following
Go Tribe!
you from europe
No ginger but myself.
Thx - back atcha! RT : #FF -w/improvised narrative works, plays on the spot! #improv films, jams, more!
Does anyone know a store that I can find cheap Cleveland Browns or Cleveland Indians bed sheets or c…
nice pass romo
I twittered your old lady's Facebook at Myspace last night.
Thanks for letting us come out and kick it around with y'all. Looking forward to the next game!
Lets go Rangers! Here we go
Hi thanks for follow Paul, where is teh Gold Coast?
How do you make a blonde laugh on a Wednesday? Tell her a joke on a Monday!
": fuck studying... i want a life." Celebrate and live your life NOW
RT : "And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." -Abraham Lincoln
At Flex in a PPR would you start Blount (v SF), Holmes (v NE) or Decker (v SD). Have Harvin (v ARZ) as my WR2.
We just returned from our trip to the Riverwalk today! We had a wonderful time—hope you do too!!
Thanks for the mention. I appreciate all your help!
Uniting Matter & Spirit: The Role of Art in Education Another Conversation on Beauty tomorrow, 5:30-7:30 pm. Tickets at door.
Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting golden delicious. - Bill Meyer
. Peoria resident here. I recommend One World Cafe or Rhythm Kitchen for veggie friendly meals. Good luck to your team!
I need to go to the barbershop.
man you crazy as h$%%l
that white-boy-rasta-rapper is the poster child for why you shouldn't do drugs.
tks for sharing : )
Wishing there were more 15s to ballard after 6
good question!
Santorum's the more genuine idiot. But I think he might be a (razor-thin) marginally better human being than Romney.
Was I the only one who wanted Marilyn to do a duet with Tupac as the new finale?
Lol, and yes I did, do love the way you lie pt 2, bitches love riri LOL
was the place to be last night! 3999 awesome costumes and one terrible one (you know who you are)... OFF THE CHAIN!
Great set on Conan! Thanks for being a voice for all of us stuck wearing chastity belts after visiting the renaissance fair.
Congratulations on the appointment of Martin Bradford as #CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
The most pitiful among men is he who turns his dreams into silver and gold.
's missing with that fastball? #rockies v
and yall comin wit me to get tuxedos today??
thank you for following im following back love
Bourbon and honey chicken
I want to rub my face all over the burger on twitter.
Holy shit... 1....more...day. I'm so god damn hyped.
#ghettowaystodie in a shootout
I hate seeing a chick in baggy leggings....
Verdict in Chandra Levy trial: Guandique is guilty of 1st degree murder
I cant think of any ideas.
Resident says we should hold stadiums accountable for the trash in the parking lots and sidewalks in a larger radius of the actual stadium.
Attn: #Chicago RT Anybody in Chicago, Rogers park specifically, that could help us out today?
I love Saturday!!!!!!
Congratulations to Alex Wright, , for being elected Political Director!
im sleepin on my chair tonight
oh my gosh, sorry I don't like you like that.
You'll come out cheaper getting them from the Forum. I got mine from ticketmaster.
Tweet me?
I did not. When/where?
all of the above. And decided I needed to load up the locksmith w tequila as a thank you
is excited to meet up with many of my 944 fam in LA tomorrow and check out our new corporate headquarters there!
LUCKeSHOPPER, Nice way to shop! Get rewarded for your purchases!!!
+1 RT : Has considered queuing posts? That would win over the entire soccer mom audience
Music session this afternoon!!! #let'sGetIt
It's so nice out today. I actually don't mind going walking in central park again.
I like cats.
Uh, I'd be in? And yeah, free from the 21st to...haven't bought a return ticket yet, possibly staying till New Years
OMG guys, Target came out with new clothes and I remembered I have a vagina.
FREE LAP DANCES TODAY from NOON to Midnight! Just stop by the GOLD CLUB for a FREE RIDE with our SEXY LADIES!
keepinging in mind all of these "theories" are european centered and totally out of our "range"... thankfully. Lol
Check out on at 9pm est! Miami's hottest radio station! We are on our way!
Coming to the Stage Fri. & Sat.- WAILIN' MAILMAN BUCK HILL W/ BOB BUTTA, NASAR ABADEY,CHENEY THOMAS. Tickets Now On Sale. www.TwinsJazz.com
WHEN is your next ORLANDO Concert?????? I can find any tour info :(. want to see u again!!! U where sick met @ ur bus (:
Satellite of love
Sharon is Karen.
hey sweetie yes i moved it to saturdays shi lee is still doing his thing at his house but i had to grab a prime time date.
Ha! We might think about if you come in :)
Fuck a dream. I'm making this reality.
I heard that is coming! O_O
Did I tell my Twitter friends that I'm going to be at LABBX in August? I'm facilitating the workshop-Marketing and Publicity for the author
whats up twitter?
False. You will be slicing lemons when we ask you too.
U can't trust no fucking body these days
Sitting in a dark room in fifth hour,looking at my year book and texting him.
can I get a cab to McDs and back then out somewhere else.
You may only be one person to the world
Dan Simon is following me now!
They tried to explain it to her as best as possible.
We really appreciate you supporting independent music. It benefits everyone!
JoeShow thanks you (from the past)
Far from all banking stocks are DN after the JPM shocker. Wells Fargo, PNC, KeyCorp and BofA among those UNCH or UP.
"If It Ant No J's I Don't Hear From Ya" Lol
That's the great thing about meatballs they are such a versatile food!
needs to get his ass somewhere safe like NOW!
Lol Hamise . . However you spell his name
Thanks for the follow, Jason! Enjoy your day :)
what have u been up to?
that will cost extra
Well it was good Bye to Roshon and Melissa tonight on #DWTS Bring on the Semi Finals.
p.s. Gotta movie to recommend to U 'cause I know you love movies. Have you seen the foreign film “Children of Heaven.” I loved it.
tell your momma I said happy mothers day (:
On a scale of 1-10, how excited are you for Thanksgiving? And no, zero isn't an option ;)
Yeah it's gonna be a good summer
But there's nothing wrong w/ making the tough, big, life-changing decisions. Those are the best things I've done in my life.
": In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa"
Scams video blog » Blog Archive » Minnesota Vikings Quarterbacks ...
Not going to school friday ,
I'm confused :-/
Be the person that your dog thinks you are
Happy valentines day to EVERY female that sees this. You're all beautiful and should know you're special in your own ways. Single or not!
Watched part of the funeral procession for fallen APD Officer Jaime Padron. Thank you for your service Officer Padron and God Bless. R.I.P.
Suppost to get a new phone. Step dad said blackberry tourch. I got excited..then mom said shes getting it and I can have hers? NO!
Life is so great you just never know where you are going to find love or when you do find love what incredible things it will bring you
I really dont watch any sports at all, i dont even play sports i go to the gym thoe ? but only to stare a hoes in the treadmill
the thunder is not real windy out raining pretty hard
I would like to know how are they now?
I'm talking to Myself .-.
hey dudes, have a good summer. Maybe I'll listen in here and there. I know you love the advise...ha ha
Attitudes are contagious. Are yours worth catching? ~Dennis and Wendy Mannering
What time do you tap the firkin?
Damn. Sorry to hear that, Dan.
Anxiety at the dentist! I hate the feeling of numbness!!!
Anyone else planning to go home after track, shower and then go to the lock in?
Think I've had linough of this Jeremy Lin noise, mix in some hockey
Projected growth in the court reporting industry of approximately 18% between 2011 and 2018
Got the craziest fucking work out today..
'Golden Voice' homeless man finds job, home after viral video success
really frustrated.. I had all afternoon free and wanted to start modifying a theme by - signed up, paid, and can't log in :
I creidn when Harry Styles cried.
We allow you to align with up to 1,200 other professionals within your area all willing to promote YOU to everyone they know at SmartGuy.com
i seen her one time wit u thats why i said hit me
"it's easy to remember" interpreted by seth macfarlane is pretty romantic, if you're in this mood :) hahaa
your tweets about Mr. Feuzeu are perfect
ah! nice! I was JUST thinking I need to get there for a game!
6ft tall huh? Well you're like a tall sexy mountain that i want to climb just cause it's there ;) Mount Kilimanjaro
We don't deserve Nuttin from our Father God but we get it. I don't really like ministering on the stage to much, it's cool but I rather
Won 3rd place Critics Choice at Souper Bowl today. Sorry about the earlier tweet saying it was tomorrow. SoMe scheduling snafu!
It's going to be a good serious 4sho. I also think SA may give OKC a battle too.
Thanks for the RT! Hope you enjoyed the article!
I give up-how? My desk under office window faces a golf course, bloomed magnolia tree & blue sky!
this is what happens when people dont knowck before coming in and then getting in a huge fight 10 mins. later.
Congratulations to alumna Natasha Cuervo who recently became the Museum Registrar for Exhibitions & Loans at the Lowe Art Museum in Florida.
the serpent feeds on the ashes of the earth.
Well my bracket is completely screwed this year
Have you had one that early!? Yikes. The three week series of 8 am tests wore me down, but one 6:30 would also surely do it.
"You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus."
MY ONLY ENEMY IS ME!
I will have nothing to watch after #PrettyLittleLiars goes off. ):
Have you ever been to a Chiropractor about your headaches?
Ok... somehow, somewhere, someone in Vegas scraped my email address and is now spamming me for all sorts of clubs & entertainment events.
I'm Vitamixin!!
smh ready to take these vitamins. I'll be knocked out within 20 minutes.
And the unstoppable hockey continues ...
Today's Declaration: I NEVER GIVE UP
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH you right I will never starve unless you take to long to feed me
Great tackle Stewart!
Shower Time (:
burger king in Maryland
Just went rock climbing for the first time in six years. My, how the mighty have fallen.
So little time so much to do :(
nice! Lucky you!
Kids! Bring friends & siblings! Create a FREE CRAFT (PENGUIN PUPPET) then put on a show! 11am-3pm (HazardCntr/SanMarcos)
Looking forward to never ever watching Bristol Palin's new reality show.
If they don't have the chutzpah to act a bit meshuga, they're nothing but a shmendrik.
PowerOfStory note 4: Online, you need to storyboard Visual/Aural that compliment
I could go for some real futbol right about now!!!
boston for new years
How do you go about learning a new piece from scratch?Do you memorize and analyze the piece away from the piano before actually playing it?
your tweets & connecting!
Use it! You could be pleasantly surprised, haha. Have a good time!
World has 1+ billion Indians, yet Hollywood chooses a white guy to play a character named "Khan Noonien Singh." How racist!
o I get it now(: and ya I know
My backpack is a mess, just like my life.
no wino, YUM!
Thanks for setting me straight!
That's horrible!
welcome to
World News America on PBS tonight -Obama on #gaymarriage -Special Report from inside #Syria -Interview w/ #NATO Sec Gen -No govt in
Attending 's Day of Discovery & experiencing what it's like to be in the center of a tornado via Reed Timmer's video.
Need another evangelist? Holy smokes call me.
if you love the current Read Print Kindall, get prepared to be blown away by the end of this week.
Let me rephrase that. Who is going to see Prince, BESIDES ME, in LA next week?
The Olympics of acting is HOLLYWOOD! Who you know, what you look like and then your ability.....
hey :) do u remember me ?
Deadline for submitting to FI has ended for 2011, but we are still reading the submissions we received.
...cause I'm walking paranoia
"Will you look back on life and say, "I wish I had," or "I'm glad I did"?" - Zig Ziglar
Jon, thanks for the comment. Read two of your tweets. That was enough. Now following you...
Being broke makes for some lame saturday nights...
You are in luck, new designs are already in the making!
finally have to mow again
Hey, how's it going?
god i am really weird. OH WELL.
where should we go wine tasting near Santiago or vinas del mar in November?
Just ate a banana in the workroom before banana-hating co-workers arrives.
you can't touch this
We'd like that too! We'll keep you updated on the progress of this invention! hehe.
you're SAD and Tami is a LYING PSYCHOPATH! And a NOSY THIEF! BIOTCH aint crazy she new cops were going to be called!
just had even better lasagna at w/ and
:) Me and Ash have a compition to see who can Rick Roll eachother. ^-^
If u r in the Arlington area, come by Little O's Patio Grill off Little rd. & I-20 from 6-8. I'll be here w/ Kiss FM...first drink on me :)
I read the synopsis and didn't think I'd like it...but just ordered the first one on eBay to see for myself!
A1: The PPV model is antiquated, if they want a new audience they have to get back to cable for at least some real fights
I killed my girlfriend and now she lives with a werewolf and a vampire. In that case, we're going to need a different form.
Shout out to for landing that contract and keeping union work in LA
Iese is as advertised! Week in and week out he shows up huge.
Good for you! My head hangs in shame. Went out for beers w/ a friend in the afternoon and that was all she wrote!
About to go check out these Concert After Parties.
I love your egg
We all love that kid who entertains the class by disrespecting the teacher but somehow "never" gets in trouble.
: Hope that helps. In the meantime, it's well understood that you have a hard time valuing opinions correctly. Good luck with it.
Enjoys helping his people :)
Wow. Google has amazing tv spots.
thank you :)
Curious. Does anyone know whose opening for A$AP now that LEP are off the bill? Or are they back on?
Halfway done editing our #callmemaybe video. and will be proud
#ChiCultural2012 Space discussion: Model of #PortagePark needs a center for arts like one that once existed
whatcha girlys doing ^^ I'm eating again :/ I swear I always hungry
he got the MVP chants in Jersey too
Anne-Marie Deitering is made of awesome! She does the coolest research studies. Both of her talks at #onw12 have been amazing.
So like are you dtf? Or
Thanks and
Naw I feel you. It's a shame though, because we're gonna need him regardless of who we match up against.
It sure has seemed that way lately, huh? Nothing personal-promise!
Laying next to the most beautiful girl in the world <3
Sounds tasty! Hope you had a nice weekend. RT: I'm going to enjoy a bowl of your granola cereal in the morning! :)
Going to see the hunger gamess.(:
Why haven't this bus pulled off?????
We love that u r following us. We also luv that your logo looks like a longhaired dude, from the corner of our eye. Is it just us?
What disciplinary action would Shanahan have taken if Kaner took one of Elliott's eyes out with the exploding puck shrapnel?
Admit it....you wish you were in San Diego covering this....and then hitting the beach afterwards w/ a margarita in hand
Hey Ladies.. Did yo Man drop you off at work in your 2003 Kia and pull off Blasting ? Yo Relationship AINT SHIT! :)
youu better :D
Waiting to see the Dr. is nerve racking. Just tell me what`s wrong with me already!
the "somebody that I used to know" cover was amazing
If you get them you should tweet us a pic! We're all about showin' off some
The Cubs are starting to play some good Ball.
Playing 2k12 till I crash and fall asleep.
Know anyone looking to buy a home in Texas? We are closing some killer rates right now!
What is the info for the summer park tour, could you dm me the info please
Road trip today!!
Smart house is on:)
lazy man
baby butt!
thanks for the package! All I can say is that I hope you got yourself some as well.. ;)
Thanks for pie RT!
While we all have strengths, recognizing your weaknesses can truly make you stronger.
everytime i think about being skinny i get depressed and eat because i'll never be skinny. i have problems
Buckeye basketball is ridiculously fun to watch. Hope Sully gets back soon.
RT : Q5 What's your favorite slang running term, or acronym?
South Doyle boys >>>
I'm not eather ha
Take a Chicago food tour to get to know your new city more - check out and
Your actions should inspire, your actions should teach, your actions should motivate....That's a true leader
True! :) RT : Three little words that can really change the world: I need you. :)
hey my beautiful wife I love you so much @>------
its like chocolate peanut butter without the peanut taste its amazing.
awesome InfoGraphic. I just pinned it!! :)
damn where's my tacos?
pretty sweet icons.
I said govt insurance/GUARANTEES - the "too big to fail" nonsense. It IS govt insurance, explicit or implicit. Never goes well.
I wish I was a dog. My life would be so great.
We're a multi-restaurant delivery service. 1st in the country! Celebrating 25 yr anniversary this year.
thank you :-) very happy, though SF is always in my heart. ha! only a case?! first delivery on ur doorstep in july.
Ahh gotcha. Yeah I've only been doing this for a short while so we'll see if I survive!!!
New photo set just posted for VIP's on my website! Another coming this Friday!! =)
Taboo this summer???
how you guys feel about Rocketjuice and the Moon album?
Welcome :) i absolutely love your tweets like when im down you always make me smile and ik your always here on twitter :) <3
Whatever happens, take responsibility!
wait, are you in #CANADA or #MEXICO?
Center has become the NBA's version of the Wide Receiver. Divas dependant on others getting them the ball
All I need is one more year.
What is 's number!
First time in Vail last night. It's like the Disneyland of Nature!
every night on the strip I slip n slide
With Marshon Brooks' minutes limit/achilles issue, should I start Vince Carter or Bayless over him this week? Appreciate the help
Just watched a windoze user wait 20 secs for laptop to wind down before closing the lid. Lmao, those were the days....
Will be selling both #CHK & SD. No faith either CEO has a clue & can turn it around. More #CHK lobbying $$$ going to end EPA?
my first day back at conditioning ! :D hot a'f in this brace though !!
LOVE the design of your ad in San Diego Magazine! Looks great
Rain looks to roll in after midnight and continue till around noon tomorrow. Expect .25-.5 in. Low 58 tonight.
Watching my husband play with his niece and nephew in the yard.... My heart may explode
Now to decide what to grill out for dinner.
Next is Jennifer on appetizers, small bites for brief 1L teaching.
Does this mean the walk-off Pie tradition is completely over?
Theodore Lyketsos (COL'15 ) will share The Impediment to a Meaningful Dialogue Between Science & Religion
yeah. I was thinking about going to ub maybe. But idk. It's so different from niagara or canisuus
Gnocchi is my favorite!
I am a model but I would love to start acting!!
Oriental Express is so good
: I consider them people w/o a soul; successful "products" of our ultra-material world. Congrats to marketing/advert execs!
you'll never know the bad shit that didn't happen because people worked hard to make it that way
I'm always curious about how many people worked on something like, say, the new Gmail design. 5? 20? 1? I have no idea.
best movie ever !
of course! another dude to holler at would be too bruh.
FOLLOW RIGHT NW LETZ GET TO 700 FOLLOWERZ SO YOU CAN HEAR OUR NEW SINGLE
The mayor has declared tomoro "Indiana Pacers Blue & Gold Day". Support your hometown team and wear your blue & gold! Thanks !
Just saw a cone man downtown! Lmfao hella cool:)
With Thanksgiving over the holiday season is officially underway, begging the question: when is eggnog froyo arriving ?
ya fox won
Even if what she sang was what she heard,/ Since what she sang was uttered word by word
has the #platinumsuite prepped and ready for another session.
What is important to you right now?
Walkers 2nd cowardly secret #waronwomen act yesterday: Repeal of the Healthy Youth Act. Teen pregnancies cost taxpayers $168 million in 2008
Yes he's good. Said he's tired of being at home though.
“:Dear Angelics, You inhale.Sincere,Team in 1nd Place#bustedannaheimens” Nothing u say makes sense, but I understand all of it
so how far are the lakers going this year? Let me hear your prediction lol
I swear I have lost more best friends than anyone on planet Earth.
did my mom just hint to me I might be getting my phone back in a couple days...? god I hope so
That sounds a wee bit convenient to me.
NYC Urchin, thanks for asking. I've been skating since 1971. Besides family, it's my greatest passion. I love shaping decks.
i can understand that point and agree to an extent.
good! Haha but u still don't like it :P
Social FAIL "Facebook's "People You May Know" feature exposed dual marriages" (via )
Asdfghjkl! Every time I watch 's #neversaynever it never fails that I start to cry & get anxiety.
taxes, check. done. there you go uncle sam. take my soul.
i wish
I wish u were here I really miss u kid!!!!!!!!
coincidentally, biting a French conversationalist and doing a Parisian. what are the odds??
PS Jim, remember to keep telling everyone what u say on ur show 'This is NOT 2008!'The banks aren't collapsing! Kyt :j
Good Night Twitter!!!!! :)
Goodnight Darlings! :)
#Crowdsource It's ok to drink 2 month-expired limeade, right? #right????
I think they'll cast 75th Quarter Quell tributes first. I'm curious about Maysilee Donner, too.
Hey I will be in the east bay today hit me up for scissors or sharpening call or text 5173043525 Peace get at me !
Thanks for the follow from !!
DESPERATELY need a drink after the week I had
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams
RT Vigorous exercise won't stimulate overeating, Under eating stimulates bingeing.
Sitting with NMSU coach Menzies at NMSU foundation dinner. Fantastic guy.
I gotta get you the ones I got .. And I will gonzo in a few weeks for Lil bit
What the hell happened to the Cold Front that was said to be heading this way? ;-/
well i dnt think they sellin vip til toma cause the resale was sellin them today like they was suppose too
Oh yes! The smell made me nauseous & preparing the good annoyed me.
haha :) Vromans, tea party, shopping, & movie soon! with :D
Shipping modules for all the major shopping carts- On sale this week!
found you through the Facebook page...SMART!
LOL RT : Making my famous 7-layer dip today. FYI it's not famous cuz it's good, it's famous cuz it made a sex tape with Ray J.
#backslider New Girl <U+0001F60D>
Can I just say that it is way too freakin' warm outside for March 15?!
Live as you will have wished to have lived when you are dying. -Christian Furchtegott Gellert
The Power of Networking does a business GOOD! Thanx 4 today's invite & social media tips. I am looking 4ward to the next mtg.
We have all thought this at one time :)
Good Swirly morning to you #NOLA!!
My favorite Emoji --> <U+0001F47E>
RIP Andy Rooney. You found what you loved & did it well. We should all be so lucky. Your keen ability to zero in on the truth will be missed
The core of being is unconditional love.
RT When you eat the entire frozen pizza by yourself, the slogan changes to “It’s not delivery, it’s depression.”
Gonna be a great day:)
Due to my injury, i am not able to get them there. the cakes are pistachio-chocolate-strawberry with truffle frosting
you still here? my laptop's wifi quit working >.>
hi bob!
Tom & Jerry
TODAY SO FAR - Woke up, worked out, showered, cleaned room, now Im playing guitar and writing a new song :) M I LOVE productive days
I just got Rosie to follow youu so be thankful!!!
Hilarious! I remember that canterbury poem... awesome Holton throwback. Miss you both!
THIRLLED to be working w Molly Ringwald for her debut fiction collection WHEN IT HAPPENS TO YOU (Harper/Sept) Galleys avail son!
im bored and i am done spamming your mentions now ok xoxo mf
Follow me please... i love always you...<3
Target will stop selling Amazon Kindle devices - Christian Science Monitor
Dental care Assistants can offer after that assistance with obtaining treatment for medication use
well I wouldn't go that far, but he's been amazing
#CollegeBaseball is amazing b/c I don't know who Ryan Arrowood is and he just shut out LSU @ Alex Box!
Cody followed my personal and retweeted Mira?!!! Am I alive or...
PGE says only two or three more hours! Yeah?
Running the ceiling fans. Already. What's up with this humid, hot weather??
Glad I don't linger or hold on to shit frm the past -relationships, sour friendships, flighty feelings. I kno ppl broken beyond repair
youre a good guy. You seem much happier either way. Sorry and congrats.
Lots of things don't help in the real world.
Dude I'm actually proud of my one pager c:
Truth Gone Hurt Yu
thanks for rubbing it in our faces, Evan haha
Thank you. Glad more damage wasn't done.
Zach, do you have any more of those Lane F'n Kiffin t-shirts. I would love one in xl. Fight On!
I might have to check it out lol
come up in here! www.blogtv.com/people/Miss_kitty1987
email and have them check it out for you
You have come here to this life for a reason, & the purpose is to #discover as much #LovingKindness as possible. #Writing/words help find it
Best dressed at Golden Globes? Do tell...
“: A woman trying to commit suicide from the Eiffel Tower landed on a car and later married the owner of the car..."
Whotune showcase was off the hook tonight! Thanks to CMJ, all the bands and everyone who came out to support! Much appreciated :)
yeah! Ikr? I just saw it on the news! They said he has prior assault issues on his record also
I got 1 for u #imagine madison:hey beautiful;)*picks u up* wanna hang out so I can brag to the Boyz about dating u!?! :)
Thank you Dallas! I missed a few of you, but all in all it was a great weekend. Hope the photos bring you all much success
Seems like a set-up, doesn't it? is so addled at this point I have to lob them in slowly. But it's the truth!
Hey! Here until Wednesday... I think? It's up in the air. How are you? Get my last #Facebook message?
My appraisal went really well. It really showed my growth as a teacher.
On Bowery excited to see perform!!
Clothes ironed....look fabulous today - a sure thing.
middle finger by mac miller>>>
:-/ bummed about the wifi issue. that sucks, and what 4 more hours to go?
Shawni need to get back in fuckin contact w me bro. She piss me off when she do this shit...
I just sewed a dress, practically, well almost, it counts tho!!!
Quinces practice today:))
Watching poor people play every number combo in the lotto as I sit behind them for ten mins,makes me legit want to murder them in cold blood
It's all about the Hamiltons baby!
This was definately one of those weekends. On that note, it is already starting to look like one of those years too.
Follow me & I'll forever adore you. <3 :)
I had an awesome time at CoDance this weekend!Our soloists & duo performed beautifully & classes were outstanding as always!
About to go to cheer practice !!!
Baltimore city people, come drum with me in Pigtown tomo. 1100 block of Ward st. 11am-2pm, they're advertising free massages!
Any political party that pushes Latinos away will be the permanent minority party in this country.
thanks for re tweet :)
103-88 Good Start #LAKERS!!! Way to go Bynum ...Triple double and tied record for most blocks in playoff game with 10. #lakeshow in effect
Happiness is being trapped under your beautiful, sleeping child. I love staring at that little angel face. It's as magical now at age 9 as 1
whatcha going to nashville for bro?
Mizzou walked 11, hit 2, made 2 errors..and still beat Texas today! Horns left 18 on base..
That explains it! RT : For #pdx pollen: moderate tree (oak, pine and ash) and moderate grass (all types).
Well at least he got one cool follower,lol! as 4 the rest they gave me a good laugh
I am looking for experience inside sales reps in the Florham Park, NJ area for a great client! Base salary+uncapped commission+fun incentiv…
Love my new iPhone case! Just enough space for ID, cash and keys. Thanks !
RT : BREAKING: will from here forward be know as
yes, it is worth a retweet XD
they all do that it sucks for the people trying to pass them
I cant wait till your new album #believe comes out.(: I know its going to be amazing(: #muchlove .
Wow! That's a long night! Definitively time to relax and rest :) RT alright im bout to hit this tampico then KO
looks fun! I will investigate the other bands.
great talking with you tonight!
#YPO Heading out to speak on Facebook ads at ad:tech SFO next week. Anyone want to meetup?
First, know that yoga is for everyone. It doesn't require u 2 have any particular body type, flexibility /peace of mind. There is no rush.
Say whaaaaa? Tell me more (when you can)!
i have no idea :) OH: it has a retro modern ikea feel.
looks like I won't be able to go trader joe-ing tomorrow...so sorry but duty calls :-( foodbiz+holidays=dull girl
Sometimes the best cure for the way you're feeling is a good, solid
At least I know I'm never moving up north.
YES MA'AM! Good Lord it's tough, but it is truly mental first --> "...obesity is something most ppl have control over..."
The Trailer is Ready to GO! We will be @ Czarnowski on the corner of Sunset & Dean Martin this Wed, Thurs & Friday! Come out & See us!!!
Does anyone want a christmas wish on christmas? I'll give you a shoutout then I'll send you an ecard on your email. I will only do this...
You know its Springtime when you start to hear motorcycles and ATVs in
I believe she went to Timberline Knoll...
shouldn't someone make an HCI questionnaire repository? Starting from 0 makes me feel like someone else must have done it before.
WHAT'S UP WITH NOT COMING TO TEXAS IN 2013? :'(
hey guys, do oysters have brains or what?
whaaaaaaaaaaattttttt?!?! So jealous
James Jones holdin' it down!!
I miss hanging out with my boys
gurl what we gone do for our birthday!!!
me too most definitely!!!
How did Joe Walsh get such good seats?
Don't forget the event is tonight at 6:30 PM.
Amen! Please pass the offering plate! LOL.
(4 of 5, #igniteSmithsonian) Thank you all for coming to town and making time to share your thoughts with our community.
im done with him
School is so close to being over.
Nothing like the morning after a 1 am freak out! Get ready!
without question my friend, sleep wellRT : Maybe France + philosophy is getting to me ;) RT : How profound :) RT...
Our $3 beer and 1/2 price bottle wine specials are still running, until Thursday!
mother's day 6 song set = success. Credit to 1. Lou, 2. George/Paul/John, 3. Ted Leo. et. al. go moms
your welcome...how's your bday going do far?
as soon as I get my license, I'm coming straight to your house #planonit and I'm
Actually, my experiences moving from (for clients) have not been good.
50 states and im on the 20th -_- this may take awhile...
poppycock I say.
You were close. I was quoting Pretty In Pink. But this kids name really is Blaine.
xoxoxo gotta love this girl !!
if we're so honorable to bury him properly why did we go in and assassinate him. He should have been given a trial if we're so 'above that'
hey Wasup Guys! Its da twins form chicos market(el grullo market)..U guys look like ur going far! Goodluck in all you do!!
Congrats on your craftiness! Did you paint it or do something else?
Hey Ron, switch lives with me real quick.
Hold up wait hold up wait!
Love hearing about cool uses of ! RT : Having a great chat with from #Tweetreach. Love them for our chats.
Klecko was on cannonball run
Our Annual YoungBlacksGiveBack Month continues tomorrow. Student Chat @ McKinley Tech High. Email & join us
HIV Testing is the primary mission of We are a physician network trying to reduce the spread of the HIV virus and AIDS.
lmao I bubbled in Y.O.L.O. On the scantron and I wrote the lyrics to At Last by Etta James
Congratulations to ! You win a free t-shirt of your choice.
Learn lots! Tweet lots. :)
crazy Indiana weather...
Did anybody else see that ad suggesting we should take our moms to Hooters for Mothers' Day? They confused Sunday for Fathers' Day.
It was the celebration of my dreams.
you could come relax with me if you want!
Game 7 in LA.
glad finally learned what the scan button did on the radio this weekend, but who still listens to the radio anyway?
Somebody been eating my chips..but I'm not even gone flip out..cause I will ova these chips.
Action without planning is the cause of all failure. Action with planning is the cause of all success. - Brian Tracy
You know it's gonna be a day when you wake up with the Arthur theme in your head.
Fucking pissed right now. Can't believe Lakers lost this game.
Happy mothers day to my self and all mothers out there, :)
My iTunes shuffle just jumped from 20s musical Sitting Pretty to Glenn Danzig. Not many can claim that, I'm guessing.
Global Ireland Football Tournament match-up: Loyola (IL) vs. Dallas Jesuit (TX) on August 31st. #HSFB via
A red eye develops when blood vessels on the surface of the eye become enlarged. Although mostly painless, it can be a sign of an emergency.
I love seeing parents blush about their kids! It's the most endearing thing to witness. Can't wait to do so myself one day! #LoveTheBabie <U+0001F60D>
Arnold & Porter & the Abramson Family Foundation support our community! Thanks for honoring our 15th year w/ your generous sponsorship.
These sort of issues really call into question my supposed and unrefined Libertarian viewpoints.
Useless Landscape by nestled in amongst the rejection slips and medical bills? Sweet!
Email&call from BofA alerting me to fraud- $1 charge at gas station. Had this happen before but Never such a quick response!! Thanks BofA!
sounds goods. Coordinate this with darren.!
You have a great list of events
sure thing what do I do?
WHOA WOUDENT THIS BE CRAZY XD
Wherever it might be, any chance Jeff Saturday joins Peyton?
I'm afraid to click on the instagram.
Edwards atty says: Edwards "categorically denies that he was involved with any prostitute or service. ... allegations are false"
only 2 tweets? You're slackin'!
Al winners please Direct Messege me your Address's Next GIveaway is at 1500!!!!!!
I want to say thank you to all the actors out there who really give it their all you rock and you WILL MAKE IT!
Instant addict: trying to devour the entire podcast library in one go.
LOLOLOLOL ya I like that
Aw, c'mon -- she could get her own #twibbon!
yo i agree
Man I Got Some Real.. Laid Back..Stuff That Will Touch The Soul COmin .. #BASEDSOUL - Keyboard Kid
Damn I wanna go home already.
Go follow shes awesome!!
When people type liiikkkeee this. Omg i do that but i dont crazy for pie.
Here's to hoping justice will finally be served for Srebrenica victims and their families.
Too many Mosquitos. I'm not trying to catch Malaria
is listening to the sounds of silence, whirring computer fan and keening LCD, wondering where this conversation is going.
Tried the salty caramel shake at Good Stuff today. Pretty damn tasty.
must... resist... tvtropes...
I can't be sunk! You're mind is weak Lemme exercise it for you!
A man who doesn't dream has nothing to work towards and a man who has nothing to works towards has nothing 2 look forward 2.
RT : In no state can a minimum wage worker afford a 2 bedroom apartment working a standard 40 hour work week....
Watching #FrozenPlanet for the first time... already love it. Pretty awesome shots of nature in all its glory.
wtf is up
& the back of yo neck was furred lol.
damn you're so meta
So my life. RT : Watching tv with my cat while eating Toy Story fruit snacks. So basically I'm 80 and 5 at the same time.
Thanks! That book looks really cool! I might get it for my nephews as well :)
I cornered them in parking lot where I couldn't find my rental car and I screamed at them, "You're all trash!" For reals
“: that's how we roll! Come see us soon here in Wichita!” heck yea!!! That needs to happen soon!
thanks it was great! We're gonna watch bridesmaids again!
New SNOCLOTHING Shirt in the works be on the lookout... www.SNOCLOTHING.com
If I had dollar for every time I tore open a package and THEN saw that it had a re-sealable opening...
where oh where will we get breakfast today?
This was one of my favorite parts... learning the significant ramifications of agriculturalization on human sexuality.
I wish I could respond to everyone individually but I need to thank everyone for their support! This is the ride of my life!
I've never seen a fat zombie.
too busy to tweet. EEk.
Is there an on sale date for tickets yet? Also, the package deal would be awesome.
gettin ready for the funk
Happy Birthday! Don't do anything that wouldn't do...
Whitney Houston is singing I Wanna Dance With Somebody for the Soul Train Line.
Pinterest put me on their waiting list?! They have a waiting list? Don't understand.
well I mean you could come to chicago... we are worth the trip.
thanks! Going to have to plan another trip to Indy.
I havent been here since forever.
Paul Lemberg just did presentaton at Jeff Walkers' event on business building....excellent!
oh ok thanks again:)
thanks for the #FF Cheers!
Or even much tv criticism. I just mean I agree with your wanting to quit the weekly #Luck roundup.
The creator and the editors decided. RT : Who the fuck decided it was okay to black out wikipedia?!
Something tells me if Wisconsin and and Cinnci win then their will be a lot of tickets available Saturday
Woahohoho, my apologies! <U+0001F62D><U+0001F62D><U+0001F62D>
What do you think of no ceilings?
Are you working over there this week?
the kids love it. Parents think we should go til school starts but that won't happen
great to see you too!
I MISS U...im soo bored girlie..i think im gettin Senioritis
thanks for starting my day off great :)
says Obama will "destroy the economic fabric of our state" but he can't decide to vote for him or not? Both can't b true.
Can't wait for #USC #Rossier Commencement! When you tweet about it, please use
He be texting you but she in love with her.
If you want people to collaborate with you, give them a variety of ways to self-select how to collaborate.
tell it!
Oh noww you're at home and he don't call, cause he don't adore ya <U+0001F3B6> 1D <U+2764><U+2764>
if it was up to me, I'd be living near
Sick of the #pennstate / #sandusky efforts to spin and cover their butts. Let's find out what really happened, do what's right, and move on
At my cousin's graduation party in san Jose I was forced to dance but at least it was to baby:)
Good morning to our newest followers:
Hey, thanks for sharing. I liked "Peaks & Valleys."
In need of #FatTuesday & #StPattysDay ideas for #ideas ??
Cutest little kid in a car cart keeps beeping the horn. His dad asks what's up. "Daddy! I found your favorite beer! Over there!" Want.
Who cares if it is a gay sport?
New star trek: all I can say is wow!!!!!
We could have such a damned good time together.
How does a blond spell farm? E-I-E-I-O
I am a terrible texter...
STAY TUNE! Dates for upcoming performances will be posted!
USTREAM! GO, CHECK HER OUT(; SHE'S BEAUTIFUL IN EVERY SINGLE WAY!!!
M, you're making me hungry!!! I love the food fairys at work! Cherries and Sweet Life pastries!
hahah you're the best
amazing. Angela is probably going to make gun sounds for the rest of the night.
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well. ~ Jim Rohn
#BlackParade my fave song is "welcome to the black parade" cos of: "would you be the savior of the broken, beaten and the damned" = me
I'm good with or without you...
That's one step closer than me.
The GOP claims there is no "war on women." Of course, many of them also claim Neil Armstrong is a big fat liar.
Calling all Okie punk rock enthusiasts. New episode featuring will go live tomorrow. We suggest you get your skulls ready.
Teenage boys are infinitely less dickish in YA novels than they are in real life.
#brotips to cold for cutoffs
If it wasn't for my zero black I could sleep until 7:40
KD has won exactly 1 more playoff series than Oden and has been to the playoffs 1 less time than the Blazers.
#thankfulfor and his guests - always a good show.
is there a Facebook event page, so we can share the word with other members?
Unbelievably...Percy Harvin has became the most important player on the Vikings roster. Guy is SO versatile.
Ya I wanted to say to you how you destroyed that hurdle but that was moment in your life where nothing needed to be said.
I laugh every time I receive my electric bill. Love that most of the household energy hogs (A/C, hot water, etc) are paid centrally here.
Bo. Beach House tickets at El Rey in LA sold out pretty much instantly. All the Gs in my phone couldn't get there fast enough.
Sometimes you just have to look at yourself in the mirror and wonder -- have I been doing things in reverse my entire life?
20 more days left of school.
This game going too hard!! #Lakers vs Thunder
Asiago Olive Rolls at Spaghetti Benders? Tasty! Suggestion: make it 2 orders...
Thanks so much! You're too sweet! How are you feeling? I've been praying for you!
Right Above It
<U+E41D> pray until something happens!
god... Queen is fucking amazing
ESSENTIAL #whatsnextdc businesses must consider importance/diversity of legal issues when using social media for your marketing campaigns
Itt was only juss a dream...
Same! RT I keep getting distracted by the mysterious girl in the fabulous Spring '12 dress in the background
What do you call someone who hangs out with musicians? A drummer.
great event this weekend! My #brewski tasting glass will be on display at the #ShowClix office!
Bout to work on building this wall <U+0001F645>
Can't take credit for Community Day...but I will enjoy it! Will I see you there?
When are you guys going to come visit at VETransfer? Lunch sometime with and myself?
Wonder if my money transfer to my account yet??
waiting for all the 13 year olds to see Breaking Dawn before I go. I'll always fight them on Harry Potter though...
I saw your ratchet ass earlier... And now I gotta see you again in 5th! -_-
Missing you, & that Cabo sun madly- the countdown to the 2012 TBO trip is ON.
#myfirstyearatfamu This little midwestern girl was culture shocked. Everything was brand new!felt like I got 2 educations 4 the price of 1.
I suspect that I just watched what will prove to be the most entertaining game ending of the season.
uh oh
plz come over there's wine n vodka. k :)
Yanks better win with fortunate calls like that...
Gah! I'm such a freaking nerd.
"Tip the world over on its side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles." -Frank Lloyd Wright www.rocketpropelledltd.com
watching #HartofDixie I was re-watching last weeks first. This better end well. :)
oh hell yeah packers. you make my day. in other words. you lookin fine
There's always a real reason behind every "just wondering".
I read some people's tweets these days and I just wanna be like what the fuck is wrong with this world
: Lol thanks! Is there any way you could maybe DM me and I'll reply back with my password for the clear side board thingy? :-D
You mean you think it won't be or that it shouldn't be? If it shouldn't, then what album should win?
Help us, O God our Savior, for the glory of your name; deliver us and forgive our sins for your name's sake. Psalm 79:9
How Is there even a DEBATE as to whether is a 1st Ballot Hall Of Famer?! Kj is PURE CLASS PERSONIFIED! & a True LEGEND!!
bahaha love it!
bread bro
WOW thats whats up! U gone do it??
Blue-screen-of-death 2 min before important customer demo... need to do something about my laptop.
“: Can I get some goodmorning mentions :-)?”<U+2600><U+2600>
#GURUday All Day...
I don't know noelle's , but TJ is ...
Had a great time last night at Flight 112 Wine House!!
you know it!
Thanks for the follow!
you know what they say.. "all serial killers come from wisconsin"
Working on more new material. Song called "Freedom" It's a jam for sure.
Come Visit Our New Selections.
Not knowing when the dawn will come, I open every door. - Emily Dickinson. Rise and shine, yogis!
#Butcher, Side Jobs. noir urban fantasy shorts featuring wizard Harry Dresden, plus a novella set after Changes that cracks open the door.
Wordd we out say no more and
Booking more and more bands. Look out for us on the tracks a lot more this summer.
It's #ferrisbueller weather today in Chicago. Sunny. Perfect
A tweet from NYC on my new Samsung - should make Twitter a snap!
Thank you so much for posting my article. You are the best!
I can proudly say that I have 530 pictures of the boys on my iPod right now, there's still more to come. xD
we sure do... Not like you'd say hi tho.
Stacking his chips
yeah he is another perfect fit for Steelers legendary LB
You can motivate players better with kind words than you can with a whip.-- Bud Wilkinson
RT : RT : Be green while you spring clean this season! Check out these pet & Eco-friendly cleaning tips for your...
EDC_Dallas2012, thanks for following us on Twitter!
every1 go follow for a follow back
EW! UGLY TATTOOS ARE EVEN WORSE!
what are the sections for the HUSH homeowork?
check out in woodholme!
lol. Well you won that battle.
so fun!
ALEX, wanna know how to make me smile?? Follow Me?? I've been trying for forever.<3 (:
I have a feeling that the campaign probably connects with Diesel's audience but I'm certainly not a member of their target group
Oops. Just hit return instead of tab and accidentally created "echidnapress" as a new blog. What do you think? Is it destiny?
What are you looking for Jessica. Would love to help!
It just started. You're in time!
the proud family movie is gone off so Phineas and Ferb it is
don't let your twizzler fetish hold you back!
Bob Filner looks a little crazy & defensive in going off script.
not advocating this. just wondering.
: It will go home empty handed.
I believe they own a number of the vacants that are clustered there on Reed. Perhaps there's some larger plan...
Milwaukee's top team takes 113 points, Madison manages 65.
#cara student Ricky M. secured a position as a production worker at Mars Chocolate through Staff Management! 67 of 310!!
My opinion is that does a lot of good, shining light on important issues. However he never reveals the whole truth, by design.
: a cold, day-old version of your veggie lasagna is good enuf to deserve its own entry in ur next cookbook. #Mangia!
I reeeeaaaaalllllyyyyy need a new twit con
is that a boxer?!? I'm going to see my mom's 8 boxer puppies today!
I know its afternoon, but I think Thursday is the most productive day!
u guys want to get together for the NFL draft tomorrow. Bills pick #10. Cud get food or drink or something.
Does the sparrow app for ios have push notifications?
Best sample ever: Inspector Gadget on The Show by Doug E. Fresh. That's it. End of story.
loved THE UNCOMMON READER as well so SMUT is now in the TBR list
Nice roundup. I've never used Storify before. Looks cool.
Nothing more I want right now than a burrito an some good hangs.
It is a horror film marathon kinda day for me :) YES! super stoked :) Hope everyone is having a great weekend!
What a chilly day! I'm gonna have to have a sit down with Mother Natures boss!!
People need to know the officers that patrol their community. Relationship building is changing our community - Maj Russell
I will never be the same without you.
Ready to go #MakeItNasty & see at Level 3 tonight, you guys have no idea how excited I am to begin this year by seeing him live..<3
Working on best tips to writing a business plan for your startup. #hr #entrepreneur. Stay tuned.
Dates and Venue Announcement: 2ND Annual The Film Festival of Colorado June 23-26 at the Tivoli
hahaha how rude!! ;)
We #Welcome #NATO and #Occupy have a good meal..see a show!
Last day Joe Tremaine's interview with #GLEE Choreogrpaher Zach Woodley will be featured on MasterTalentTeachers.com...
teaching what? Teaching you how to dougie? DAMN RIGHTI DID
Working with LA RASA today!
There's a good chance I'll be moving to Mo's McMansion in Belleville. I think just the foyer's bigger than my apartment
lmao its a animal i think? lOl
Please follow me(; 4
that is kind of rude eh?
When everyone's tweeting about and I'm like Yeah. Y'all are wayy behind
If your going for a comedy, how about midget race cars with real midget drivers?
I'm so proud of the #Devils =)
It works everywhere but with you homie, lol.
Ike Taylor had a great game today.
Whose got the MUNCHIES?
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark; professionals built Titanic.
8in and up your hired
watching his back as we speak...in a non creepy way
how was this morning? Its your first anniversary so I tgought I'd check
indeed :D
I would like to thank you for the advice you gave me when i was in chicago for the #APHIA convention.
because the UK fans think were all damn bitches. 1. because we say harrys name differently 2. bc the album was #1 only here
Love's greatest gift is its ability to make everything it touches sacred - Barbara de Angelis
Chowchilla CA! RT : If Khloe &amp; I take a city what city should it be??? #Kim&amp;KhloeTake...
This Guy
What's up everybody?
Christmas isn't just a day.. Its a state of mind.
MY EMOTIONS RIGHT NOW RT : Just finished the las Vegas now. Now hanging out with , lovely bloke! Say hi
Ah, the perspective of youth. :-)
i need that say 10 hat super cool :P
probably snapped too much! :-)
and this helps you look younger? I need that!!!
I've heard about that face-to-face social network... any good? ;)
at the CIO roundtable. kudos to Theresa Rowe work for her good work with the CIO Listserv
Accept what you can't change, change what you can't accept.
I Wanna Be The Boy In Her Dreams That Saves The Day.
This weather is just like Irene, but without any of the hype!
can smell the hushpuppies frying up right now.
RT When somebody on your team thinks they're Kobe and try fade-aways and miss every single one...
is really hoping for a year that is filled with new job opportunities. Spent the year trying to recover from job loss.
I want a Google+ invite! Anyone got a spare for me?
During the WarOf1812,the British had burned down the White House&were set on taking the PortOf Baltimore,which was protected by Fort McHenry
- Thanks for the follow! Happy New Year to you!
We should start a movement to stop it with these jokes. That'd be the final solution.
appreciate the follow fam
Does that qualify as lolcat?
Canadian Universities pay profs more than US, cost less than US, don't have to cover employee health care. Coincidence?
crap! You gonna mail me one or what? Any seal pictures?
the #chiefs draft A guy with the 11th overall pick that wasnt even on his 1st team all conference team, 2nd team conf. Usa.
you tryna kick it?
I'll be doing this more often<3 don't worry!
On that bad meets evil flow
Happy Valentines Day!! I <3 President Obama!! Click LIKE if you agree!!
Guys, I have plenty of Jabeneros left. Suicide Bomber anyone?
Wonderful to hear! Let us know how/if we can continue to be a resource for you.
Happy mothers day to all moms :))
you'll know if you get extremely sick like for two days & then nothing or if he
Holiday Bazaar is coming soon! I hope to see some Eugene faces at the Fifth Street Public Market! Starts Nov20th.
TGIF!! We are ready for a wknd filled with FUN! Restoration Shop Tour, Train Ride to Mt.Clare, Holiday Photo Shoots and MORE!
i see (O.o) where you been at tho? you always figure out a way to be lowkey on me.
keepin it reel
Love his voice! ;)
oh shut up. You lame af
Another Twitter Mom Question! Any good recommendations for a southside / Greenwood area pediatrician?
If Shabazz picks UCLA like most are predicting we will likely never hear from him again.
u kidding? You would've made a sailor blush! (Possibly even Reza!) Let's hope today doesn't come down to a bad snap...
al drunk
perf - then we can be BFF!!!!
The contemporary #art scene in #Mississippi is sparse but you can find some gems if you look in the right places.
Smh I'm telling mom
Fridge is full of so much goodness right now...Sour in the Rye, Smoking Wood...had to stop myself w/ MotherFunker!
u did that on purpose haha
oh my
I understand the caution; so far I've not seen evidence strong enough to doubt his word. He was touting it months ago.
thanks man!
I seriously can not get ready without music on. Idk how some of you guys do it
Thanks so much, Frank for sharing Alex's post with your followers! Hope you had a great weekend!!
just had a fantastic meeting with musical theater writer. she's got a show going up at yale rep this year.
Rules for #adtech 1) Don't look up when texting 2) Jeans & jacket 3) No eye contact, just read the badge 4) Say 'social' & 'cloud' often :)
Happy birthday balony!! 21 is ur best years! enjoy it
i know a trusty worthy and reasonably priced mechanic in Madison. I've been really happy with them - message me if interested
When I was pregnant, and only 3 weeks from my due date, I worked in a Dr's office. Friday our schedule was already booked solid for Monda...
I'm excited! The real question is, can I maintain excitement?
yay! Tell me where to upload!
yes please!;)
Experiencing Seattle weather in San Diego today! Rain, rain, go away... don't come back some other day. Too cold to work outside, dammit!
I loved The Art of Fielding, too. Great Hitchcock quote.
i saw and chilled with mike as he waited for the bus in his bed and breakfast blue shir
. I'm a fan of Jorge Posada. We grew up together.
well done. Well done.
Dear High School, Grow up. Love, Pretentious College Student-To-Be
omg :o
OK, ok. How about post-2005?
how about improvements on the field! 20 years and 90% have been losing.
Should of went to Rogers :(:(:(:(
perhaps. shoot me an email at kristineide at gmail dot com.
ok sounds good. will shoot you an email tues or weds.
I want to stay as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can't see from the center.
We are on our way to Orange County to play the Orange County Gladiators. Tip off time for the game is 6:00Pm
New projects on the horizon.God is good. Film and Television is were I belong. :-)
blow rocked!
Congrats on passing mixology exam!
Everything looks so beautiful, covered in snow.
I'm regretting friend requesting my REI crush- he likes Nickleback.
For the musicians here in Okc: how do you advertise? And how do you quantify how well a certain campaign works?
Must be that is off his meds again. Can't dance, diminished WR skills, & certainly can't hang in Octagon
Top wireless stories of the week Check out this week's most-viewed stories across Fierce's wireless publications: FierceBroadbandWireless
Thank you, Faith! What an honor.....still can't believe it.
Yes before we know it you guys will be on the field playing, Then you will be getting ready for the Super Bowl game.
HBO VEEP - Anyone like it? YAWN, its kinda like watching Elaine Benice from Seinfeld playing a VP..
Once I reactivate Facebook, I think I'm gonna deactivate texting on my phone. Just to see what it's like.
Cat Game #3: Take up the most room on bed.
Nice, I knew you would like it!!
Lady Gaga has become so big that they let her mom #Madonna play? That's nice.
no time for play when there's work to be done .
Our new mural is coming along very nicely! Stop down & check it out!
Some people can tell what time it is by looking at the sun. But I have never been able to make out the numbers.
Beautiful spring day. Sunny skies, low humidities, and highs close to 70. Chilly tonight though.
Couldn't sleep, so I'm at the 330am showing of The Avengers in Times Square, NY. It's as cools it sounds.
"Theatrical" is often mistaken for lots of sequins but for me it's a sense of choreography, narrative, acknowledging audience - D Rockwell
Making some kim chi. I took a picture, but it looks like spaghetti from a can...
Somebody said, "I like Selena's song 'Billy Billy Bomba'" NO.
“For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.” Judy Garland
I've used something different with each of my kids. I'd be interested to hear ppls faves too!
Nice! What's the fellowship for?
Demonstrators also insisting that Fullerton police chief Michael Sellers resign
How is oh "hi" oh? Did you see what I did there??
Some mornings I eat my Wheaties, some mornings I eat crow.
#sexisexorcise lets make it a trending topic shall we ?
It's not you, Facebook. Well, it is, actually. I just can't be with someone who loves CISPA more than they love me.
Will my wish come true of Bella following me
HOW U DOING THIS MORNING
How ya hanging
BOOM!!! AND THAT BALL IS NOT COMING BACK!!! THE GRANDY MAN CAN!!!
The only tweets coming up on my feed are people from this class lol
Happy Birthday to super lady who introduced me to Twitter.
Sitting on the deck, in the sun, reading "Rock, Paper, Scissors: Game Theory for Everyday Life"
Why is 28 so backed up?
“: Savannah smells like dead fish..” you get used to it.
6th grade me: i will never smoke weed in my life 12th grade me: bruh
When you need to call back and CONTINUE your voicemail on a 2nd message...you've talked too much. Get to the point already.
As moderator id like to make a rule change RT : No..Ugh RT do u get pts for having kane in otl preshow?"
I need to get the second book too! Once the semester starts having a book club on the side is going to get crazy.
My friend Edward said he will come to my party,but only if it's a bikini party. Good thing I have a pool.
Beyonce, stop being so beautiful
it was pretty fucking funny to me, ignore the no makeup look haha i was laughing so hard it would've came off anyway
My 2012 resolution: Relax more, yell less.
what are fuck up world we live in PEOPLE
In Ned Rorem’s apartment he methodically gave me ALL his choral music as I prepared to conduct his 70th birthday celebration.
Yo sad news... doesn't believe in
Very sad to see that it's up supposed to snow on Sunday -_-
Flash on Tap tickets will still be on sale at the door for both the full event and party passes. See you there!
In the country with and
they both are.. Lol
ha. no, was going to challenge you to some words with friends but couldn't figure how to send a direct message from my ipad :)
How many names you got on herre
In other words, it should be 'win/win' or 'no play'!! :-)
Man, without I'd be wearing a shirt with a flaming eagle on it to opening day.
yeah I get like 1 suscriber a month haha. I need more that's why I'm not posting videos. <\Slope/>
Find a 3-year-old and make her your beta tester for your mobile site w/gestures. She's not poisoned by convention.
Looks like additional government approvals need to happen first. It should only affect future loans you take out. VOTE!
dreams of swimming in Kerbey queso
Looks like I'm off this week. Oh well!
I LOVE YOUR BROTHER.<3 (;
me to! I'd die like 10 times, come back to life, then die again, & cry.
Heading to Kraeger Park for St. Charles soccer--5th grade girls against 6th grade St. Vincent's. It'll be a tough one--go Cardinals!
Welcome to Twitter , KnolwedgeWorks' Pres and CEO!
just go running instead.
New android device performance benchmark from coming this week!
ThMorUKno:The book of Revelation is as much a political statement as religious. (Thru imagery, author takes shots at the Romans.)
We Kicked the Show off with signs of love making by Tyrese and have plenty more hits to come.
One stop shop for any gigging musician. #sanantonio owned & operated. CD/DVD mfg, t-shirts & merch! Hit us.
He talk about a situation of Japan Contemporary Art. You can have an opportunity to buy his new book that will be sold in April.
JUNE 21, 2013. LOOK FOR ME AT YOUR CONCERT! Section 115! ;D
"The choice-based classroom in the personalized classroom" #pearsoncite Indeed! Great presentation, Jeff Borden.
I've always thought it worked best as an allegory for the end of the '60s.
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
it's cool. Keep it until you finish. You must!
Never trust a nigga that wears fila... or k swiss!
Good morning from West Chester. If anyone wants breakfast, my dad is really pushing it. Heading to #NGS2012 in a bit.
Break a leg, or something.
he's great!
You better not be in LA
Finished my essay! Now only a cover letter and a works cited page left! I think this is going to be a good one!
#bieberfact Justin was 13 when he got signed RT if you think that's amazing.
#Giants owner saying how their fans are "the most loyal". BS! If they stank up 2011, they'd simply dust off & don green jerseys.
My little cousins are the cutest!
Glad I had a chance to kinda relax today.
I am going Dubuque, grew up there plus I think Vinny is the best in the league
They weren't high at all...and it was totally throwing me over. #Don'tGetIt
Loryn received a special award today the her school made especially for her because of her
I try very hard to ignore those people. Life is too short! Its hard but I try. Hope you can too & remember many love your work
Food is our common ground, a universal experience.~ James Beard
I work, but start at 11. Hopefully I'll be off in time to party!
did you reply to a different tweet? Not sure how analysts relate to our mobile meetup this evening?
INFO SESSION TONIGHT @ Beth Am Cong. 2501 Eutaw Place, 21217. We begin promptly at 6:30! Just bring yourself and a pen! All are welcome!
I got u cuz... U already kno
More sun, more fun! Woo! RT - First day of Spring! 82 degrees in Indy!! Wonder what the Summer will bring...?
Are there any conference presenters that you would like to see present a follow up CAI webinar?
- Thanks for following, pretty #Pittsburgh ladies!
Happy Mother's Day! Treat your mom to an Uber ride & keep your place as "the favorite child".
thanks.. Ugh!
You got it dude :) Also, my home needs more lamson artwork.
Bridgewater Ridge Hockey Broadcast 830pm baby for MSG Varsity!!! Ill let all you optimum subscribers know when it reairs.
yes...I got that. Please feel free to explain more obvious things to me.
#3days till the Boyfriend video <3 I also want #BELIEVE here now (: make June 19th come faster!(:
I am...drinking water instead...but its just not as much fun as cinnamon toast crunch...lol
That's what I'm using, but it's not good for FB groups, i.e. Tweetup organizing and communicating!
wanna play words with friends? First one to flop out a collop wins...
Fantastic having you w/us! RT : What an amazing bunch of people at Great playing and some great new friendships.
lol. Yeah I gotta get up to get some practice in for this prom I gotta dj tomorrow.
Thanks, Karen. I'm there! RT You guys are truly, truly fantastic. I hope you sell out every night. You have to come see me, too! ;)
Friday the thirteenth, I am stuck with my bitchy ass mother that blames me for her stupid actions -_____-
RT 'You're an idiot, Ted Nugent. With no redeeming social value.' Well, "Stranglehold" is good.
Today was one of those days that really make you appreciate spring. Just being outside put a HUGE smile on y face!
#FACT Community leaders identified heart disease as 1 of the top public health issues affecting residents of Hamilton County.
re: footballs on the beach - do we really need to regulate common sense... err... wait
aww! Where is this?
Shut up and put your money where your mouth is.
Congratulations Stanford
"I want to tell you all that is in my heart, but I can find no words. Only this -- I love her with all my heart & soul."
One month to Grand Opening! Help us spread the word by suggesting your friends "like" us and "follow" us on Twitter: !
Ferrer definitely not playing like a 9:1 underdog. More like a 5:1 underdog :D sick match so far
love that quote. Needed it especially today.
I did, and I absolutely love it. I'll be scheduling a makeover with sometime very soon :)
This country is in SERIOUS trouble; choosing between romney & obama is like choosing between an idiot & a moron; good luck w/the lies!!
.... you welcome .... looking forward to following :)
I think ur smile is amazing like when i saw ur smile it like made my day and when comes dancing u have talent!
what do you mean by score
Guess I'm back on my water diet.
@ AndreaRussett hello emily you can follow me, because you are no longer active in your old account
:) once you do please spread the word!
Save lives. Give blood. Just donated platelets at United Blood Services. Got my 9-gallon pin!
:) Thanks so much for the retweet!
Jason Wu launches his line tomorrow.. So excited!
ok it's settled. we start trolling the world tomorrow. but for now... SLUMBER
going out #nomoreloserstatuses!
RT Stress eating solutions #8: Sleep. Stress is exhausting - sleep will work more wonders than working late into the night.
in short, no one knows. :)
I'll try not to!
as long as bio links r directed back your personal site/biz, by all means send over the info at :)
One of my favorite movies is Limitless
Really? It's number 1 for so many weeks! It brought in the most dollars comparing to all other movies..
eager to hear the adventures with blue tape
haha, oh well
Leaving Huntington Beach
Make sure you read each one that's in each box.
LOL DO IT
Sorry guys if I don't follow you!! Is that twitter dosen't let me! Please follow me and when twitter let's me I'll follow you all
Wow. just found out Whitney died. Really sad, one of my all time favs. My prayers are with her family and daughter. ~I will always love you
"We're just playing one on one pong"
Thanks to everyone that turned out for the KBS tapping and patiently waiting! Cheers, you guys are animals!
- Yes please cast your VOTE for Sam!
Don't be tardy for the party! I'll be bartending tonight @ pb ale house, w/ anthony W. busting out the hot beats! Let's Do This!
I'm convinced that people who like their own status also masturbate while looking at themselves in the mirror
When girls say im fun size -___- what's so fun about less candy?
seriously, who has business cards with no #
hi martin.
Heading to this studio sesh in evanston with
John Harrigan~ People need loving the most when they deserve it the least.
this mornings show about the IUDs was hilarous...esp when sarah said the baby comes out and holds it up...hilarous!
The food channel : innovative shows for delicious and easy dishes. Rachel Ray
Above a urinal, just below the mason-dixon, the wall bore an inscription: I <3 BIG DEBBIE.
I thought that pool looked familiar! Nice job!
agreed! thx 4 the mention. what do u do? we help the mentally disabled work/be independnt
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger<3
Drizzy on repeat
Found Ian's wall! He does good work. His color studies are really cool. Phil Yabut is on 2 as well.
My dog just locked me out of my house....wtf.
we're two lame fuckers.
okay.. calm down miguel.... lol, it's fine how it is. i'll try to solve this dilemma tomorrow.
i need some new music....any suggestions?
I think your retweet from the Washington Post about the duck needs to be incorporated w/
I'm in love and I don't care who knows it! <3
Our Hero cuts bread so smoothly that no steam escapes.
however it is what it is and i think its phenominal..and for whatever reason they thought it was best to go with..so i trust them :)
thank you! Def stay up w 4 more art! RT : you are absolutely amazing...keep creating..share your gift!
God is awesome!!!
Sure! But, uh...SPOILER ALERT much?
At Gordon Visualization Conference in Rhode Island
Humble as a fool
Not sure what it being Walmart has to do with anything, but ok.
We hope everyone is having a great #Monday!
Moves like Jagger
Why do people follow the republiCONS like sheep??? Do what's right people!!!
Thanks for the shout out!
(mah one) love, (mah one) heart, (mah one) life for sure (; <3
hey :) thanks for the interest you will have to follow us so we can direct message you back
I love marc jacobs #pause clothes,shoes,bookbags,jewerly
I certainly do....do you like Escape the Fate, Falling In Reverse and Good Knives?
Om gosh! I was running into the bathroom and i slipped and ohmost face planted into the toliet
I hope I'm not out of town for that
1 more hour till #TeenWolf should come watch it with me! (;
4.2 in East County? Totally didn't feel that one.
Omg im scared
Man... God is good and I can't wait to hear what you all have learned while you are down there. I hate not being there.
Out of curiosity, how many of you actually check your Myspace page and communicate with it on a daily basis?
Dam my head start hurting
São Paulo não stop
end of the year brain drain. i'm forgetting everything.
I Need A Good Movie To Watch
Stan Hochman: Hand vows to create fitting Frazier tribute JOE HAND IS going to build a statue of Joe Frazier. No ifs, ands or buttresses
They make that sound as graceful as possible. -
!!!!!! RT : niggas with no money telling other ppl to get they money up....
Epic game of footy
Keeps the pencil. Doesn't apologize.
Congrats, Jon! You're going to be great!
thanks! Remember watching him start in the east west shrine. Kid is lucky he's going to mccarthy
Case manager for homeless mentally ill adults.
but I made the mistake of mentioning this online, and my women social-media friends NEVER let me live it down. #woodenboxes 2/2
going to listen to music and then american history final fuck...
And this is where comes in and makes a "length' joke.
she fell out of the Ugly Tree, hitting every branch on the way down
like yinka dare went to George Washington? Why I know that I have no idea.
T-minus 2 days until the #ArtLook map launches. Find out which have #ArtsEd programs...stay tuned.
Having ah good ass day can't wait ta get off so i can blow man
Working on APA Heritage Month display & booklist for Teen'Scape , thus the flurry of resource postings. ^_^
Friends don't let friends say poppalation.
Aloha Kakahiaka!!!!! Mahalo to all of our followers who are now "Ohana" on our website!!! To those who decided not to join, no hard feelings
Holy shit! There are oryx in New Mexico.. didn't get a picture, sadly.
M.A.T.H..... Mental abuse to humans
Is throttling , or am I just always using it at peak times like... late Saturday morning, early weekday mornings...?
New Nike Woodside Boots Just walk in the Door at BCK.... Come and Buy them so they can walk right back out of the door
funny thing...I had a few more proposal requests come across my desk. I'm glued to my computer.
Need to check my #MegaMillions tix
Hans and I are going to be on the radio today around 1:20 talking about the show on saturday Yay! 91.7
Okay, cool... I'll work something out! :D
Nothing but love for you from my corner of North Carolina.
Thanks! but pictures can lie sometimes!
Good work out! <U+E00D><U+E00E><U+E14C>
night mi amor. love you :-* :D
Rise and Shine everyone. Happy Monday to you all! and may we all have a wonderful week!
31 years ago today, "the goal" was scored.
Ricky, don't lose the plot
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?” <U+2015> Martin Luther King Jr.
With win at Utah, #GoSpursGo have perfect rodeo road trip (7-0) and NBA's longest win streak of the season, now at 11.
American Bandstand & Soul Train (ok...and School of Rock) *rolling eyes*...made my Saturdays as a little girl. Very sad day.
Cleaning house in a knee-length skirt and short-sleeve sweater...better turn on some rock&roll before I turn into June Cleaver!
We can't wait either! RT : Thank you for an amazing girls weekend! I cannot wait to come back!
ARGH!! No!! Write through the pain!!
I APOLOGIZE to all these Bitches but a nigga can't GET WIT CHA, Cuz this nigga be gettin CHEEZ like if I was takin PICTURES!
thank you soo much ur support means soo much
I love my friends
YES! Our site will now be premium! We will have downloadable recipes and will be selling products! Updating soon!
You sprayed too much perfume in the hallway. It smells like you paraded 1,500 hookers through here. -
especially if it was on a ride home from Leff's after a win! Stupid rain!
": Good morning." Gud morning 2 u too
Im Like The Girls That You talking Now Please!! Dont Be A bad Person
RT : Nah son ain't just call Iggy that did he?
ha ha I do! I woke up today
My pleasure Beth. Thx for the mention. Do tweet Ask Diane questions to
great ! take care :)
- Sounds like a lucky guy on the other end of that thought...
Voluntary home visiting programs help single, young mothers cope with daily stresses so they can be a better parent.#1560 reasons
A king with no crown, king with no crown !
Gotta find a woman be good to me won't steal my liquor try serve me tea
Oh you do? Do you have American fam? Whoop! Mini vaca? Have you spent time on the east coast? Mine was good, slept ha. Yours?
HA HA! Yeah Pats, that's what I'm talkin about, 45-3! How do you like them apples Rex Ryan? Keep talkin that smack! Congrats to Tom Brady!
Riding around with my air blasting and my gas tank on E! #THUGLIFE Lol
All I need is a glass of Bacardi O and My Big Sean CD!!!!
Ruben on the worship, Amy's spoken word, ETD on the drama, and the Holy Spirit on the move!!! Great night
R.I.P. Donna Summers
hey it's good to see someone care about others in your life. -Jessica
yea may the best one win >.> cough cough (:
Don't follow me and then after I follow you back, unfollow me.
Join a hackerspace like , they experiment with the tragedy-of-the-couch-commons problem on a regular basis.
Ok... I'm clueless when it comes to social network symbols and need your help. What does this # in front of words or statements???
Hi :) I need to play a concert near you! Where are you at? :)
Arrived in Austin, TX, headed to
This Saturday June 4th - Work At Home Business Expo in Orange County, CA - I'm speaking at 2:30pm - see you there! www.thehome-office.com
Okay I really want OSX Mountian Lion now…
Wish I had fake boobies so I never have to wear bras
sec 9 row K seat 51:)
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. Jim Carrey
Lol I like the beginning <3
Today just got better...
Any hit guys text me on KIK (:
almost 10am and i still havent been to sleep but trust and believe when my head hits this pillow later its all over !
I'm good thanks! And school here is amazing, so is New York.. Hbu??
is the hottest #rapper rightnnow bet ya hottest song
Yep, that was pretty much what I imagined.
can we find a spot with outdoors? Hm
Huzzah! You definitely have to celebrate those small victories.
me either
He said it! "A friend is nothing but a known enemy. " - Kurt Cobain
Oh dang shit just got real.
Give a shout when you make it down!
I question your salvation in the first place.
Vinyl Hours Radio on a Saturday edition 3pm-5pm (ps) on will be back next week;)
Comic Stark recently lapsed, but is sober again. Movie Stark loves him the booze. Ultimate Stark...depends on who's writing...
Woke up singing "I need a Hitta, Dread Head Drilla" lmao...can't get that out my head...Good Morning People!!
giving my dog a bath is the biggest struggle
6 Quick Tips to Search Twitter Like an Expert
Sick as beatz by got me bout to paint a mean ass picture.
Another day in the cities and by myself writing at Perkins on a Friday night.... Life has drastically changed since writing!
Dow down 500, up 400, down 500, up 400. Something isn't passing the smell test. This cat is employing a Hold strategy for awhile
I have to pee so badly WHY IS THERE TRAFFIC?!
Thank you! Glad you like :)
humming roberta flack in my head.
lunch definitely
Mint.com is so cruel! "In the past 30 days, you spent $1,410 on Travel. Usually you spend $3." My annual vacation budget, therefore: $36
Shooting my new music video in two weeks !!!! Be up soon :)
Thank u 4 your inspiring Nancy Hanks Lecture last night & 4 your support of the arts administration field.
I get attached so easily.
Shiiiit, that's still too young for me. Ripe is 25... Hell, his balls barely dropped.
Yeah, I think I certifiably hit exhaustion.
I'm not trying be in ya twitcon I'm just trying fuck.... ( v.) I'm done with these hoes
That sounds amazing. Sorry to hijack, but I love rhubarb!
so manny twists on the shows! Did you see the twist that her dad was bad?
#ItDoesntLookGoodWhen you have no confidence
The Amazing Spider-Man Wallpaper with Andrew Garfield
Happy Birthday ! Miss you! xoxo
Don't get me wrong, I'm not always annoyed by things, but when people don't shut up on a consistent basis, I am
New Alternatives Insurance App coming soon for all smart phones
Barbers & Stylists #FF for ur invite 2 #SOCIALITES Barber & Beauty #SOIREE powered by
Hairspray cast was excited for Naya Rivera from Glee, but she didn't show up. :( LOL
GET IT SHENELL
my friend just called me and all i heard was wind and a little girl laughing....
Follow Chances band, , they are pretty rad and they love you :)
washing dishes<<<<<<
I love road trips omg :)
gonna hang out with attack attack tonight! saweet!
CONGRATS IN THE NEW SPOT CHIEF. HEARD IT WAS MIAMI VICE 2012.
If you're talking behind my back, you're in a good position to kiss my ass!
It is a great day to be alive and a great day to start living! One more Amway representative that is going to save tons of $$$
Great commentary during your panel. I kept thinking what digital humanities would have to offer these commentaries.
It's a #BlackKeys type of night...
": And you guys are gonna get involved."WOO. BOSTON BABY
thats actually what it is. Whats another name for it
When some bitch gets into your conversation. Nobody was talking to you.
it's the audience I feed off of even though I don't see them.
as always, thanks for the shout out!
Yup, but trying to trace the etymology of the phrase "open government". The idea obv goes back much further.
Nothing empowers a team more than the belief that they are valued by their leader.
Versailles Cuban Food
I no u got my txt
Cover all bases? Send both the long link and shortened. If the long link breaks to multiple lines, the short can be used.
I am biased, I know :)
Just got back from Chicago... Man,... what a Breeze...!
Mi One Nd Only !!!
omg that sucks, just close your eyes. Aha xD
I like a long film!
yes!!!! Same group as last time :)
Any news editors looking for a story on JPS and the safety of our kids at bus stops, DM me.
Playing Phil Collin's In The Air Tonight in a mostly empty bowling alley on the jukebox
There has never been a better time to start. Today is it. What are you waiting for? Go.
Most homeswap websites that I have looked at have a feedback system, and members who have done multiple swaps over the years
where exactly is the protest? I've seen evidence of this retirement party (folks walking around with cookies on plates)
oh yay!! Not a solid date yet, but I will of course update everyone along the way! :)
Going home <U+2708>. Be back when I wake up from my dreams. <U+0001F60C><U+0001F49A><U+0001F4A4>
The way he's been playing since the AS break...I can. He's an all-star and playing like the 3rd/4th best player at times.
thank you! where's your blogspot?
how are ya?
our friends @ FOC are doing psych study & looking 4 stage 4 liver cancer or stomach cancer pts/CG's (NOT drug trial)
From #TheShining to #SomethingsGottaGive, Jack Nicholson, you slay me...
#WhenYouLoveSomeOne You can't cheat on them, but if you do it should be painful for you for doing something so stupid to hurt that person.
yeah we mos def need u here... =)
We're playing Cowley's in Farmington this Wednesday at 9:30 until who the crap knows? Don't tell the spoon, but it should be forkin' sweet.
I would be really pissed off if I was a bender and Amon takes away my bending.
welcome back<U+0001F60A> lol
Gotta Get Ready For Work! Follow me on Da Twitter!!! I follow bakk!!! RT plz i will RT u!
I feel the need to start keeping track of these mentions. Though, as pointed out, they are usually somewhat maddening.
“: you are very pretty in this picture” thank you :)
hope the bus driver isn't tweeting while driving!
great job hun! ^_^ now enjoy your summer & get ready for another year! see you in the Fall!
can't sleep. Guess it's over
Playing the W Hotel tonight with Brenna Whitaker and the cats. 10pm.
TO THE DISABLED. LOOK AT ME I AM SMART AND COULD BARELY DO THE PAPER WORK. GETTING PATIENT ASSISTANCE WAS EXTREMELY COMPLICATED.
no kidding.
Bill O'Reilly kind of scares me, honestly. He's kind of like Glenn Beck where you can tell he genuinely thinks he's right.
Nerve is something you think you have until it comes time to use it
Whoever attempted the strong armed robbery at IUPUI's IT Building is stupid!! We got no cash!!!!
I can't move from my lawn chair.
it didn't fit in the first one! You heathen! Ugh!
CALL ME
should be, but only two of those guys are playing well.
they get no bling until they get and stay above .500
Music had so much more of a message...4 every song venting on societies negatives, their was a positive song to counter
tell me that the colors i've been needing are not the one's you're keeping away :)
Good to hear. RT : ": We had a productive day."SO DID WE
nothing at all
i can ake pic at school & u can upload it
just declared his love for the Gold Card members in the audience. We love you too.
I'll tell you one thing: Don't ever give anybody your best advice, because they're not going to follow it. - Jack Nicholson
Thanks for the tweet!
I'd suck the scales off of a King Cobra for this work day to end right now
1,000 followers. SCORE! Thanks y'all!
Oh #Heat game is getting goose-bumpy ...
JUSTICE FOR!!!" "Ohead" - Must Be Dreaming(Official Video)" on YouTube...
Haha I'mma reactivate my other one for today. It's gonna be a rough day for me so I need smiles(:
Another Side of Bob Dykan is great. My back Pages is my fave track before he went electric!
Weird re no I wonder if my Iphone is dropping the @ symbol because I always use it. Happy to RT your smarties. C
What's up?
Teeth are always in style
Your friend is CRAZY!!!! Jerk Machine is that deal
#OnlyAtTU will "Hit It To The Beat"(Ah) be your favorite club song if you're not from Jersey
I got sunburn, over served at beach bar and almost ran into a palm tree .. I feel ya !! HA
Good luck next year!!
Can't sleep.
HAHA dish washing at the restaurant on friday #gross can my own dad fire me? lmao
The Expendables 2 Releases Awesome Posters - WebProNews
Thanks for the follow, Steven.
Even though you're a million miles away. When you're born in the USA. You live those glory days. So long ago.
#idol - Easy song for Joshua since JB can't sing. He did good until the screamo ending. Good overall.
#RandomThoughtsOnMyMind what if we found a way to build a robotic refrigerator???
Thanks, Would love to meet someday. Any friend of is a friend of mine!
That froyo was bombass and definitely hit the spot <U+0001F366><U+0001F367><U+0001F603>
Thx! : RT : I am about to receive a Resolution from the GA House of reps for my community service #blessed > yay!
R/T S/O #Bella32 The place to be right now
I love and hate season finales. HIMYM was great. Gossip girl bad. Hart of Dixie good.
We're back. Investigating now.
Making plans to film the music video for Cougar Hunt. We need cougars! If you're in Seattle & want to be an extra May 9, @ reply us!
#itsawesomewhen I used to get those goodnight texts from you, and even thou we did talk all day you made sure I always get one every night
#recordbar super pumped for the show!
Nods dksishbsisk it's hot. Why must they make is wear dark colored shirts -.-
Learning more cooking strategies from Grams. :-)
Some people see a problem and think "Yo, I'll solve it". Now they are Vanilla Ice.
My book just went in a totally crazy direction (or maybe just an unintended direction)...I hope Vivian knows what she's doing!
While ur doing ur competitive analysis add a messaging analysis & apples 2 apples feature analysis. then u can start differentiating
RT Worship was so so so good!!!
GSA Schedule 736 for Temporary Administrative and Profesional Staffing Services is totally set aside for small business concerns
Crazy to think that it's been 10 years.
Back to Chicago again, I'm sick of driving back and forth, let's hope I get that job lol
Happy Birthday {:
GOING 2 SOME BEACH 4 STEAK-N-FRIES BABY, WHO'S DWN????
#ILoveWhenYou hug me from behind and call me beautiful :) <3
Wheels starting to come off on #Rockies Alex White. Walks 2 in a row, loads bases. Game in balance right now.
Make memories tonight not babies, wrap it up, girls don't get too fucked up, let's make sure tonight is one of the best nights of our live.
ha! Will have to buy a beer for that
first ride since france. 85k solo. only 31-37 celsius today. missed my crew from france. and mexican coca-cola eased my pain.
Jhawks cleaned up on Big 12 awards
Last 2 days of 5 week at Berklee! Awesome hang. The students were wonderful!
The Obama-Bell Tape is James Hydrick's psychic powers and That's Incredible! Is the Hannity Show...
Still not sure what you want to see at this year's #PDXCSTS? Come brainstorm ideas at our 1st meeting! Tonite, Killingsworth Lucky Lab, 7p.
I need movie popcorn in my life right now
Bout to go dine out to eat
Lol that was me..
REMINDER: March meetup for is tonight at at 7pm. See you there!
Being locked out of my house in the rain
try the iPad!
Is there a list of descriptors for The Stig?
Who else is enjoying this beautiful weather? Bring on the frozen drinks.
not happening.
Cpt. America is the only Marvel flick I haven't seen. Am I missing anything?
The more often people talk behind your back, the more often you're on their mind. Be proud.
Love the Short film winners!
Awesome...this sucks. Never goong out with Kelly again
Hello painting season!
Good for you, Brian!
My bags got searched by TSA. They finally caught the liquids I didn't put in a bag. LOL first time in 18 months! Boarding now!
What are the benefits of the dry oats?
I've been Words with Friendsed out for about a year or so now. Let me know when you get to that point, too.
watchin #ndamukongsuh get pushed around by the SanFran offensive line reminded me of the 1st fight I lost as a kid. there was no 2nd time!
I'm obsessed with the mess that is America<U+0001F1FA><U+0001F1F8>
Nice finish Benny... #NOT!!!
I can't believe this. Saturday woulda been nice
Curious to know how Scouting for Food went? So far 46% of the troops have turned in 23k lbs of food! Do you think we'll reach our 50k goal?
Is it true that they changed "Happy Hour" to "I'm gonna go to CURRIED & eat CURRY hour"?
wow! Think of all the links that need changing!
Check me and out on NBC30, for our interview on Quinnipiac University's eco-friendly graduation gowns! Go green!
You too!
Nothing like pointing people to your post about Bullying affecting your family including your daughter to lose a crowd!!!
Librarian with glowing gadget(s) in their lap in session
thanks for the RTs! We've had lots of customers asking about the tool lately
Lol because its gettin old to me.... time for a change
Oh God! It is freezing out here!
“ Never fake who you are. Someone will like you for being yourself.!!”
The Government & Nonprofit EXPO is today! 10:00AM - 3:00PM in the GU Hotel & Conference Center! Don't forget your GOCards & Resumes!
Sometimes we just have to deal with what life throws our way, even if we don't like it!
Here for roll call hun.... :) thanks for all you do
Catch My Words: #GBE2 : Parody
Same boat. Not great coffee, but good enough to make a statement.
it's the most excitement you'll have all year!
“: #Jobs report for March not good enough. Let's Create " I'm all in!
Duuudeee ...... If you're reading this your either a.) Bored b.) Stupid Or c.) You actually care about what I tweet ( S I K E ) lol
Ryan Kelly is poop tooth. Just ask
go on zingled.com its fun!
Make the most of every opportunity, and never try to be something your not!!
I'm thankful for good friends and family <3
I linked my facebook and myspace page to twitter, check it out!!myspace.com/miltowntickets, facebook/miltowntickets
That's so wrong it's funny.
even tho its MY party day i got a surprise for u....(;
I think it's sweet <U+2661>
God Bless u all the Animals of the World!!! I love u all so much!!!!! Xoxoxoxoox!!!!!!
Managing our TNG content is always a work in progress, but we will be trying Sharepoint in 2011. Please share what you learn!
Toddlers and Tiaras scares me..... i mean what kind of moms force their kids 2 do that?! and then they get made when they act like snobs smh
abby and I are going to defund leaf blowing at our apartment complex, thats allowed, right?
LOL!!! what bout Forrest Kirby who recruited him. Lol
"Fortune favors the prepared mind."
"Would the boy you were be proud of the man you are?"
just getting more into this. So far, they've opted in on own. We're working on training options.
what day is the concert boo?
Oh girl is a world chick...kiss me when the job is done...100K we done came up/
Just folded and did a keg stand. Omg that was fun.
#liber2011 Paul Ayris, UCL and President of LIBER, launching the opening plenary session.
good afternoon julia
can you tell this is awkward moment tweeting? lalalaaaa i'm listening to Hit The Lights :)
i added you on facebook yesterday or the day before that im Devon Ralph Lauren Jones
He's done after this season. The new Illini AD will want to put his stamp on the program by picking the new head coach.
Oh right the Jon Hamm one. Probably should get better at this Twitter business...
My husband gave me a V-card that says: "When I see you tiny cartoon hearts float above my head..." now I remember why I married him. Sweet!
wtf u talkin bout someone keep tweeting you you jumped in my mentions and keep hopping back in my mentions wtf?
I was for awhile. Back in Florida for 2 days. See you soon!
That's close to superhuman!
My hotel is literally surrounded by sushi bars! Maki Maki is first up!
#I Cried When I was bullied everyday at school
this is going to get ugly.
“Play nice. Unless one of the other kids wanna fight, then you have to kick the other kid’s butt." –Mushu (Mulan)
Just tell me when, i always have time for you!:)
I AM A WOMAN. I WANT TO CRY OVER NOTHING. I AM GLAD YOU REMINDED ME OF THIS. I SHOULD CRY MORE. WAH. WAH. WAH.
Yea I know I got my issues Why you think I f**kin' flow?
Just like #EvilDead and #ArmyofDarkness? So bad, they're amazing.
Fun! Can't wait to see!
oh good luck on ur project!!
AUDJPY 38fib didn't hold. Risk just took a dump.
Omg. send me that original pic of her, I want to make one hahah
Damn i have litterally like no tweets on this account wow
can't get enough of, "Ugly Part of Me" - It's been on repeat the last coupla days...
RT : . i'm planning to start a blog in next wks; my first post is "debunking the MBA myth." it's lazy MBAs that build...
A rare dinner-and-play evening out: first then Long Day's Journey into Night
Tell me why i always fall for ur type.
sounds like a Resolution!
What about Jamie Dimon himself? (Lead by example, Jamie) $JPM
Haha Sorry I Haven't Been On In Awhile!! Happy New Year To You Too!! (:
Who finds a bag before bottoms lol O.o?? What??
Latest fortune cookie: Only time will tell if you're on the right course. Just made this up, of course. But why not have misfortune cookies?
never let anyone or anything get under your skin. When ignorant peeps chatter, them a deaf ear.
Understanding acid reflux symptoms and cures can certainly help you to decide whether what you are experiencing fits the diagnosis, and...
I understand! :)
4:20, and productivity is at an all-time low. :-/
dont know what your talking about. shut your mouth.
I kno rite I'm bout to call em for u lol
RT : "BO!!!! #APPLEFAIL" AGREED. I was really looking forward to the touch having a camera.
what worries me is...that means the Dolphins had SO little confidence in Alex...why would they think that??
I can't find my pants!!!
No im a bail bondsman. A lawyer can't walk you out of jail. If you know someone in jail holler back.
RUSSY your taken ;)
God answered my prayer and you made my day with your telephone call!!! Thank you danorush02
dehydrated assorted mushrooms, heavy cream, brandy, touch of tarragon, cardamom. Off the top of my head.
ATL bound... already got a $30 speeding ticket. atleast I filled up my gas tank for only $40 in SC :)
At the east LA park! Tired as fck!
We are a traditional #Chinese #Restaurant and we will be opening our doors very soon. Our location is
Beautiful hot day here and now on the way to Destroy Quads with the PhysiqueRx / Y3T training combo
how long have you been coaching soccer and basketball?
It showed me and my sister in this weeks #wantedWednesday flip!! So excited!
You just made my night
Bring it. RT : Duke. Whatever.
interesting fact re broncos steelers you would think they would have met sometime in preseason over 51 yrs
Just tried to pee in a empty pepsi can, stopped halfway, too messy. Can I borrow someone's di*k ?
ACCEL Points Eliminator kits for FORD V8 #2020 Are almost completely gone. 1 left in Ebay store Auction & 1 left on our online store only.
At Big Woods Brewing Company on a date with (my husband). We pretty much just talked beer and critiqued the brewery.
Happy Birthday Beautiful Lady! I hope your special day is full of love and joy! :)
writing....i'm already on page 14. :)
The Third Principle of Kwanzaa is Ujima (Collective Work and Responsibility).
I will never reveal my secrets
Good for you! If the real you isn't good enough. Then it's their problem and not yours.
Im gonna write to the and share my story ... young fashion designer on the rise :)
need more followers tell ur friends 2 follow me thx
In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two
Well, free crappy signal beats pay crappy signal, which is what I've got now. Pay strong signal would be preferable, tho.
Perfect day.
Diggin' that lowdown, dirty Penn Station sound-system jazz funk.
oh cool did ya get it done yet?
By the way, a genius, or too on-the-nose, double feature would be a paring of THE BROTHERS BLOOM and THE DARJEELING LIMITED.
- Do you have any suggestions for people looking at out of country medical procedures? Medical Tourism destinations you might suggest?
Check the LifeStyle
wow your inbound marketing presentation was awesome.
lol ok I was like spit it out Aubrey lol
you and me both! I think we got jailed at the same time!
Going to try for a blog posty thing on the end of the semester and meeting Charlaine Harris before heading home for the vacation.
Wrath of the Crows ninja!!!!!!
About to play at the autumn cafe, stop by!
yea it is
I can't enjoy my paycheck being on time this week because I'm still mad about all the previous ones being late.
Sadler is comingg! go salder you can do it
I got that mop situation covered for you
I am loving the pink suit!
Getting close to 1,000lbs on the leg press!
care to elaborate?
Dear teacher, it's not my fault I'm failing your class, I'm learning from YOU. Sincerely , blame yourself.
Need your car detailed? Scratches? Dirty Interior? Stained carpet?
I'm in a hot wheel
Ah, the first late train of the #nerdtrain trip. And it's the last train of the trip, scheduled to arrive to 1:30 AM back in DC.
Working for you!!
Haha, That Made My Day! .x
You should expand your news sources beyond the RW echo chamber.
You did an amazing job!
“we should love, not fall in love. because everything that falls, gets broken.” - taylor swift.
Thats how you shoot
Canola. Done.
take after their dad
Maybe. I have a busy day, so we'll see,
Traffic Directions and Information is SYNC's subscription service which provides in-vehicle traffic reports and directions
A recent survey by the Hoverson group: Webinars are one of the most effective strategies to create wealth online
You have a ton of fans out here. Looking forward to your next move! Keep us posted
i slick want to go to Hilgrove high school
Thanks, , for the totebag plug. Were we really curating telephone poles in Marfa a week ago?
Developing a new course in Desire2Learn today.
Sorry. The correct answer is 73.
I really wish my sunburn would go away already. My forehead and nose are still bright red.
Thanks for all the great material this afternoon!
Who's nathan ? Oh never mind I'm stupid. But I'm too lazy to delete that ^^. So enjoy my idiotic lazyness.
haha. We loved you, obviously. have fun touring. i hope you come back to the BAY for a REAL CONCERT.
Obama has not offered ANY clear spending cuts. All general BS. This guy is LA-A-ZY. adultwellness
Friends in Hawaii check out DJng tonight!
The East Sea
Happy New Year!!!!
And let the whole world waits ... © Internet Explorer.And let the whole world waits ... © Internet Explorer.
AWW TOO BADD ME AND SiS iN-LAW WONT GRADUATE TOGETHER -.-
Ok this really upsets me.
Lets Dance..Shall we? Go Gators!!
lol. :) i want to go to Canada.. seems cool..
Should we be nervous about potentially playing UCONN in the 2nd round? I feel like we shoot it way too well to be upset by them. Go Cats!
Join the ranks of expo prize winners. Stop by booth 6703 to find out how to win an iPad.
Give me a sign, I wanna believe.
#Youknowlifeisgreatwhen... Your enemy snipes you, BMC's cause you respond. THen locks their account up.
oh well. It's gonna be gone tomorrow..
RT : to play the for championship this Friday in Virginia. A quick rundown on the...
Culture King visitors are AWESOME.
good feature of riding bus? Full cell data access. Unfortunately you'll use it for a long time because traffic is so slow
Who wants free tickets? We'll give away a pair on tonight at midnight. Just write "I want free tickets to " on your wall!!
Does anyone want to play some paintball? I am thinking of getting a group together to play sometime in May.
People with goals succeed because they know where they're going.
We're so thankful to have the opportunity to know and work with each and every one of you and hope you have a Super Rad Thanksgiving!
The game starts at 7:30, it's not even 4:30 and I'm already on my way to the arena lol
#MaryJane session with my babe ...ready for #Nas Behind the music to come on
Sorry, know what that's like, worked a lot of the conference and most of my free time last yr. Hope u get more freedom!
<U+2640>Hope floats, So to reach it you have to rise above negativity<U+2640>
Rep. Molepske says he will run for Portage Co. district attorney.
And Julian Edelman covering Cruz. Relax.
my whole office just pegged their jeans. ah love the 80s
Oh your back is messed up? Let me pop it back into place baby
So glad I don't have to worry about making appointments to get my hair / nails done. I'll sleep in and shop, thank you very much. <U+0001F60F>
This school year has been something else indeed
drive home safely
my ass could never, she's perfection!
When will you be giving time to the opposite view of that Tratior Bradley Manning. My friends die, and he spies. Hang him!
Who should we pick for our next Dance Group of the Week? Let us know!
So pissed right now but atleast I'm done with that fucker's class
RT : I installed OneNote 2007 on it and plan to use it like a writer's notebook and to take notes during lectures. I <B m ...
The end result shouldn't just be in OUR mind, it also needs to be in THEIR minds. Via
"I find the greatest thing in this world, not so much where we stand...we must sail,...not live at anchor". Oliver Wendell
i did absolutely nothing this whole break, yet i still feel quite accomplished.
Robert J. Collier~ Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out...
Friday at last <3!
That new Nas joint goes Hard!!
Are you going on younow today? D: i really wanna see you(:
Road open and we're off!
What's with all the hype of TISA? They relabel other brand's garments with a shitty logo and people actually pay a premium for it?
yu at da crib now if I get som gas I'll come thru I gotta make some money
Use SportingMembership.com rather than JoinSporting.com due to a DNS provider issue. We're working with our hosting company to resolve ASAP.
everyday:) 2 hours minimum a day.
should follow me back, ive bin voting all day . .
I'm pretty sure you love it because it has coffee in it.
It ALWAYS feels good to score a goal
Thanks for RT, Fran! I drove through #Colombia #Virginia & wondered why it was so depressed compared to neighbors.
Aint that the truth nigas be lettin the devil use them
definitely the snake! <U+0001F40D> or maybe even a horse to throw me or kick me in the face. <U+0001F40E> as opposed to a pit bull. <U+0001F480>
How exactly do you make sick??? ": The Gross Lab is open this and next weekend, making scabs, poo, sick & burps."
all having our own beds is awesome but we all wish we were at
| The secret of reaping the greatest fruitfulness and the greatest enjoyment from life is to live dangerously. RT
Thank you I got to be a cog in the machine!
thank you my friend.
Dude brought a bobble head of himself & Emily...creepy.
Me & are too raw! #swinging #oppositeways <U+E107><U+E405><U+E418>
You mean I won't get to see half of Copley's portrait of Paul Revere!?!? But the bottom half is my favorite part!
The BK sausage egg croissant I just eat looked like it walked into a McDs & got the shit kicked out of it by a couple of egg mcmuffins.
Just wants my best friend to come home now. <U+0001F622>
seriously - my 3 yr old did that. humiliating!
hehehe we are the studliest spies alive
then my mom is ghetto
Yummy food, that's what I'm dipping! Especially the s'mores choc, good stuff!
Cool new stuff coming later this week to a WebCamWindow near you.
I hope when I walk in the house everybody sleep
its raining where you going to go silly!!!!!! o_O
Have a great weekend.
what's funny is the "other guy" owns
I get one in two weeks. I will model her welcome sign after this work of art.
Pill hits homer, I'm liking this.
I know lol to panda??
Madison, WI - get ready for at
RT : AP: The bodies of 23 people were found hanging from a bridge or decapitated near city hall in Nuevo Laredo, Mexico
RT : Had a lovely flight on a brand new Boeing 737 'Germ Tube'. // LOL!
is back on the air for DirecTV viewers.
great song
The Lord God is the SUN & the shield.
#1 mom/pop arthouse film house; #2 getting a multipurpose hotel from (or Hotel Belmont) in town
Don't forget 2 eat a healthy breakfast to jumpstart your day. It will energize your body & mind to face the challenges that lie ahead.
Were looking 4 ENT Professionals who r interested n being apart of our IN THE MIX ATL host committee. Email
where is you family? I thought they were coming to stay?
Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs :)
RIP Donna Summer!
Swollen hands and swollen feet, this can't be good
I'll admit, I kinda miss with his
“: noel really ugly af'” so mean loo
Does making the nw bandwidth info+controls visual make user power structures more explicit? Interesting thought from
Casino Madrid sucks so bad...
Today is Ryan Braun day.
text me every once in a while. <U+0001F609>
Very upset my last spring break is coming to an end.. At least it was one for the books!
Happy Birthday! Hope it's a good one!
amazing what $$$ can buy.
Ouch ... RT : Ohio U missed 1 FT tonight (7 of 8). You know, the one that would have won the game.
That 5 hour energy drink did nothing for me smh
Three of my closest friends lost loved ones today...My heart hurts for them.
i'm probably way too negative for anyone to tolerate me.
143, smiley wit a wink..aye ma boi ma boi he loves me
Good Morning! Please take the time out to follow TMC Records® CEO & President ,Thank You
OK bro, I was directing my twit at brED2talljoneZ in response to words to me, but I will
Go for it.
i just kellin spammed all my followers on tumblr
Hey New Orleans Jazz Fest Fans, the 2011 Poster featuring Jimmy Buffett is available now. go to Http://www.vincentart.com
Happy Friday the 13th, everybody! What’s your biggest superstition?
A year to Election Day. With the current politics, it is going to be a long one.
long day of budget hearings. Then meeting with Chappell Elementary LSC to talk GROW47. And finally a meeting with Bell Elementary!
thank you :)
Fourth of July Weekend in Cape May
In other #SportingKC blogger related news, will be taking over "The Daily Wiz."
Just curious! (Don't tell anybody, but I'm following Twinkie. Shhhhhhh!)
Needs to get back to working out. But needs energy first
*raises hand* i Hoe For Nickels And Snickers.
Switching to an ergonomic keyboard - the Microsoft
Enjoy your weekend! Life is amazing! :-)
RT RT These females realer than most of you niggas...
#CEFACT #li The reorg really makes this work more challenging.
Awww....I miss our lunch meetings! When are you coming down to #bmore to visit?
Lakers should be lucky that there down by 9
starting a quidditch team at schreiner!!!
LMAO like she thought this was some kind of a field day or sum
She the hoe everybody runs to for a quickie
Look at life through the windshield, not the rearview mirror.
Hey fans, for more be sure to follow our host too!
someone made my day and I'm compelled to make urs dahhhling
4.2.1 is available for download. Some new goodies, check out the docs for details.
What percentage of total applications do you think we'll receive between 11 pm and 11:59 pm tomorrow? Reply with your guess.
thanks ! Appreciate it
Oh yeah, dental appointment after work (oh how fun)
i know but it's ma'am to you, SIR! :)
I don't wanna be here...
Getting Sarah squeaky tonight!
i just wanna see your dumbass and know that the only route in our future is forward. and destiny will take us there.
yes yes i was
Sometimes you have to forget what you feel and remember what you deserve
Cover your virgin ears.
2 more days in counting till I get it in......
Thanks Rick, enjoyed it. It was packed to capacity. Learned a lot!
glad to see you're alive...lol
who wants to ship to my house on May 12th ? DM me.
I love my job! :) Jobs, actually haha Hm, maybe you're actually stalking me?
We couldn't ask for a better representative. Congratulations !
Good morning!:D
thanks man
If you don't fight for what you want don't cry for what you lose .
Thnksgiving was a time 2 __?Thnksgving was a time to c family that we only see once a year n then remember way we only see them once a year!
French Exam this PM ! But denstist before --'
Rehearsal w/ Crack!!! Playing Thursday at King Plow!
Well at least there's that, I guess. Jeez, they really make you work to find it, too. Utterly stoopid and pointless.
Zuckerberg saying that he's going to announce something "Life Changing" is dumb. Talk about building hype that you can't match.
Congrats to Denver and Tim Tebow! Not since OJ Simpson have people been so captivated by a white Bronco. (from )
you're my new hero!
THICK BITCH, got mo ass then a motherfucka
justin and those leather pants will be the death of me .
I thought it was funny!
Guess who won $100....
We need a pet store downtown #Seattle I want to get a gold fish so f*ing bad & now need to rent a car to drive to the burbs 4 one.
Dick Werthimer~ The purpose of life is to fight maturity.
LOL. Like I said, I think it is more common place in other countries, but I tend to agree with you. We get screwed up enough :)
I need to have a dog ass session!
so sorry not to have responded before... We didn't get set up in Lanyrd for this year, but will recommend for next year.
Listening to Mumbai/Punjab match. It's going to be close, but I think Mumbai will pull through.
What an amazing audience. Thank you so much to everyone who came to Endgame tonight.
Dude. You know me and have worked with me. Do you seriously think I even know the meaning of the word "Discreet"???
RT this if you're excited for our new single "Retribution"!!!
I don't know Benjamin but it sure is scary, and quite windy.
Does it not reflect poorly on your alma mater that WHH caught a cold after a long speech in a snowstorm and died a month later?
Yayyyy congrats you are so amazing!!
#3 Humility is a true sign of strength not weakness Bro, plus God hates pride! #BroTIps #GodlyBroTips Proverbs 6:16,17
I like the idea, but do the #Mavs? You think they've considered?
Playing around with which allows you to Enjoy Your Android Over-The-Air.
Nice answer ;) And I'm good :) What are you going to do today ?
#fastcash ?? BOOKHOLDERS WILL BE FLYERING!!! SIGN UPS START TOMORROW at NOON
6 of our recruits will be on campus next Tuesday for assessments and orientation. Working hard this spring, gearing of for the summer..
#nw impractical jokers <U+0001F602>
Packing our bags and getting ready to head out to Salt Lake City!
Missed the 1st seven min of #PrivatePractice. What's up w/Addison and Amelia?
even if no one comes tomorrow, I will still be coming, because you guys rock me so hard.
We're doing the bone dance you dance and you learn it again and again 'til you get it right
Dear HS Self: If you become a librarian sooner rather than later you will save yourself a lot of $$ in overdue fines.
OOPS I mean 10:30pm, coming up, on LIVE on KIRO 7
#protopeeps tell me what you think of the new
Excited about the Personalizing Your Course training session.
My mom just bough me a mini cake and cupcakes with Justin Bieber rings. Yay
The One is going to be on TV...I had a love affair with that movie in high school...
;D and when we hear that perfect english grammar everyone will be splendidly shocked and elated! :D
Are you guys okay?
Nearly 1,000 miles driven today. 2 markets visited. 1 successful dinner. Almost back to KC after my 20 hr voyage.
you wear it well, like it!
So glad to help! Sorry I disappeared. Dropped everything to help my sis with her new baby that night. Still recovering, lol!
“: Peyton manning breaks news. Says Joe Addai signing with Patriots. Great, great fit for Joe”
--> RT : 12:34 to go in the first and we are scoreless #PHXLAK. Who will score first #LAK or #PHX?
I need an Oregon health insurance expert, knowing something about OMIP, portability and/or COBRA for domestic partners.
So... He's better than Clint Barmes is what you're saying? Right, Walkie?
I remember her mentioning you now. What kind of work do you do there? I have never been.
Post Edited: Cheese Pairings for Great Wines
Check out this absolutely adorable website and twitter for party ideas and supplies. It's girly, so you know we love it! xo
": Huh so someone got a Double Eagle at the Masters, impressive but I got a Triple Eagle in Mario Golf once" hard to do lol
Take money, to make money.
Bryce Harper batting .355 6HR 20 RBI 4 SB, hell skip AA send this kid to Syracuse now and get him ready for a June call up to the Nationals
Can't believe KU pulled out another win!! They are just making things happen when they count. Now to the Big game on Monday, Go Jayhawks!!
#SomeWhereOutThere is a girl with a sneeze that sounds like a Toyota Prius' when you lock the doors.
There goes that Brooklyn love ...<U+0001F609> “: yea! We mobbin!”
In every trial comes a lesson. Don't just run from it, learn from it.
Uhm, im in black out town... Cum join
I'll take it for decor alone. That's an awesome design.
I have...very good! Crisp with nice citrus...grapefruit and lemon.
Why can't spring break b here already
Every Block Is Different But The Game Iz The Same.
u shoulda scooped me b
its ok next time
sure, lemme know when
your voice is addicting. congrats on your nomination...the recognition is well deserved!
it would be so fun an we get to watch them run in speedos
Don't feel good
Come on. Do not ignore this tweet. An 8 year old girl is battling leukemia and all she wants is to meet
PLEASE quit spamming me .... 23 emails today so far. I've asked nicely.
Kristen Bell Reveals Secret ‘Hunger Games ’ Obsession: ‘It ’s All I Think About ’ It ’s no secret that everyone at Celebuzz i
Between dentist and site redesign, I'm sure that will change.
and I really like how he has tied in characters from many of his other books!
I'm sure it's b/c the question input is set to "Website" I was a little worried about that. . .
oh gosh!
I am a bit biased on this one, she is my favorite character...
Noonish In The Garden Of Good And Evil
Had a blast opening for Slugabed last night. thx Base6*gallery! :)
Shaviro: Private interior of mental experience = Harman's vacuum-packed objects.
ahahaha! Thanks! :D hope you have a good day too
I study there all the time :) What are you up to at UVa?
Reminder to self, for next year: you are very bad at #nanowrimo-style writing. It was a good method for you 7 years ago. It isn't anymore.
they're riffing on the names of the stories in The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. The Speckled Blonde. The Geek Interpreter.
I love my moms to death
RT : Damn right. This ain't Burger King. They can't have it their way. //
Amazing how dramatically certain experiences can change your aesthetic perspectives on something or someone.
Encourage one another and build each other up - 1 Thessalonians 5:11
yeah, in a stress-hormone + narcoleptic kind of way
Happy to have come across your timeline! We have similar interests. Thanks for sharing great info!
wish u were here at this state conv in Janesville; want 2 hear your thoughts on this pay gap research
Mel, put a bug in Mamma B's ear that we don't approve lol
She fat her baby fat I see why you getting fat... Thought it was the baby!
Drafting u in all my fantasy leagues, since you are the league's most valuable tweeter..
I have soccer playoffs coming up! It'd mean the world to me if you wished me Goodluck or anything<U+0001F618>
McGee showin' out.
you know you like the only person who ever tweet me back damn shame
Sam get back to school! lol.
“: Cows do have best friends and become stressed when they are separated.” awww!
right on
So im bored as fuck watchin stae trek for the first time
Maybe we can kick it when we got time
#NF LOL I see you I b ducked off on here
when you get on, I hope you see this and decide to follow me!! I love you so much! And you are a great role model. After lax<3
If your tv doesnt work+you don't mention it 2 the crew but you mention it on Twitter, JetBlue catches it and makes the fix anyway.
IIGHT JUST TALK WITH KEVON ABOUT THE STUDIO BUSINESS...
You should save the best part of yourself for the person who deserves you.<U+2764>
I'm just gonna watch you get hurt again, maybe then you'll realize what you pushed away.
oh yes plz!!
That Tupac hologram was unreal. Sorry. I hadn't heard anyone say it.
RT RCA Events News, exhibitions & events from the Royal College of Art, London.
Ha! I had the same thought when you listed your career history on Ben's podcast.
That awkward moment when someone yells at you for clicking your pen and you have to click it one more time to use it.
See you all on June 8th at Jovita's for our summer series with The Lucky Tomblin Band. No cover. Starting at 8pm.
You can get away with not doing it for a while, as long as you have reached a certain standard of fitness
Great to connect!
Pretty sure I hear an Acapella Group singing outside my window :) :) unless im hearing showtunes in my head?? Tonight is hilarious :)
Swam 2 hours straight today doing laps
's boyfriend video....... oh dear lord. i thought it wasn't possible for him to get even more attractive... i was wrong.
Now you tell me! I'm with friends! We're at Mad Mex! I'm trying to diet.
Good luck on your chem test tomorrow babe.
gun never on safety....im
Co-sign on that.
Really don't like the '___ has indicated you are Friend on LinkedIn' Really? If we are Friends, how come I haven't heard of you?
I just love my gospel music, listening to the Mississippi Mass Choir, it was worth it all. Be bless Queens and Kings!
We'd love it RT : would love to have you on board with #HoodDay2012 in New Orleans
Let me grab my Dick while you sit on top
fantastic! congratulations, molly!
We practice law in the areas of civil litigation, family law, criminal defense, personal injury, real property, business, amongst others.
it is. I've enjoyed it !
only food chains reply back to my tweets /:
Awesome training at DYS yesterday.
sell blood/organs? Stripping? Become an international hustler? win the lottery? warrior tix are affordable bc we suck lol
Lmfaooo stupid I love you too
Where's your favorite #barbecue joint around the #Texas #HillCountry?
Aight, will do.
We have cool "Followers"!
went to Budapest when the iron curtain still existed. Eye opening for sure Stayed at guesthouse through out Germany and Austria
Nice blogging discussion today with Wondering if blogs ever decrease workload of teachers or is it always an increase?
just watched #gethimtothegreek - surprisingly good
we had an hour long workshop on linked in and blogging- soon we will be looking at building FB fan pages with WordPress.
That approach will turn off some readers, for sure, making it more difficult to 'hear' the rest of the apt rant.
": that wing stop hit the spot" Awwh You Wrong!!
how is it spam if there's no link? Hmm I just thought she made dissing you cool or something, so others wanted to try lol
In more positive #Denver sports news...Todd Helton aka "The Toddfather" is still raking. Nothing quite like a pinch hit grandslam
my question is did know about u and fab!!!
Working through someone elses emotions is like moving a mountain, #impossible unless your Dan Meek
Thanks for following! You an audiophile? I used to work for a few LD and builders.
Life is like a box of chocolates u never no what ur gonna get
lol ryan got a mini heart attack:)
I've been out of school for over a year! I've got the shakes! Don't judge me!
THE BABY IS LIKE HARRY'S BFF, AND SHES SO CUTE. whatevs. judge me. i love her. hahahahaha
Thankful for Phoenix '78 "Prove It" and the whole 'Promise' box. And haven't even watched Houston '78 house cut yet.
Markland Hanley obtained summary judgment for its clients in multi-million dollar products liability case
Maybe bacteria are really sexy creatures but we just don't have the technology to see that yet. /via
But my birthday is in 3 weeks from today.
Right I loved how they whooped the Brewers at the Sunday game.
does! RT : Does anyone out there integrate HIIT into their running schedule? Has it made you stronger/faster???
I am wrapping up a book from Solaris for a review and yours is next in cue :). Looking forward to it!
i need a laptop :/
Cold cold cold <U+0001F628>
Always helpful to talk numbers + tech with
Like the vibe. You guys remind me of Grizzly Bear and a Jacksonville, FL band called SUNBEARS!. I'll keep my ears open.
Thanks for the heads up!
heading off to my 1st local #polyamory party since the leader who thought I "wasn't poly enough" left. I made Polyamory Potluck Polenta!
Really interesting article.
Our educators will be at this week's Pre-K K conference at the River Center. Stop by and say hi!
NF my girl I love your music.
If the Giants can't pull out a win over the Saints this week, well were fucked!
OMG..Paula Abdul is NOT returning to Idol..it is to early for this news..YIKES! Need coffee
Twitter dead now or what? Muahaha
All free stickers have been claimed! If you missed out, we'll have em in our online record store opening soon!
thx for the shout-out!
Woo, finally bought myself some new jods
There's more to life than school... Just sayin'.
If everything go right wit this court case...I'm there
Can you recommend any freelance community managers in Chicago? Have a nonprofit client with a great project.
I can't tell between cops & robbers
Thanks Bookmarked that one - now if I can figure out how to find it
Thats not fun!
Congrats too to and the rest of the Jr Kings 18s -- what a gutty performance today at TSC!
RT : each & every wine is loved by me I produce. some r easy to work with like kids and some r more difficult
I'm not too proud to declare that "Last Dance" was my favorite song senior year of highschool. Godspeed,
Chicken butt ?
That's exactly how I feel tanner I couldn't make it without u and u could have anyone and u chose me :)
Stfu u stupid ass. nobody likes an attention whore. smh
Leading Edge makes learning fun! Contact us today to learn more about our programs, flexible hours, and affordable pricing!
"Laughing at our mistakes can lengthen our own life. Laughing at someone else's can shorten it." ~ Cullen Hightower... HAPPY WEEKEND ;)
New client's social media is so screwed up, it's now on hour forty in cleaning up old (failed) initiatives.
Just started! Thought-provoking debate - social media in museums. Session goes live @ 3pm! Follow
you can HEAR the producer talking to the host!!!!
the waves are calling out my name And they laugh at me Reminding me of all the times I've tried before and failed
just pick what looks good & take a chance. I go w/ my gut every year & haven't be let down yet.
I just wanted to see if you thought I was gone really tell you some lol
I love when calls me and he sounds happy. It makes me smile.
It's almost 12 and I haven't started my paper. Don't really care
Its Gorgeous out. Come down for a #BloodyMary & listen to sounds by Rangers Game 7!! Then late night sounds by
If you're not folliwing Artie Lange at you're missing out on the best Tweets on Twitter.
I cant change the many years of yesterday ..but I can do something about my tomorrows...Just wasnt my time.. intil now!
A gossip is someone with a great sense of rumour
Just got bus tix & gift card balances to IHOP and Pike Brewery to a client downtown. That felt good to do that for someone less fortunate.
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a time of 22:30 with Nike+ GPS.
I feel tall, yes i do, but what goes up must come down, so till i fall i enjoy this view
Can you guys follow me please!! :(
Be sure to like us on
Lousiest foul call I've ever seen refs!!
thanks man
you studying tonight? Have the stats exam yet?
my bad, but in my defense there was lots of testosterone in there!
how's big pretzel and ? sorry I couldn't help you guys out back in Feb, I'm in LA now so would love to connect
In complete #Shock!! Just found out a dear friend, Sylviane Lozada, is #Missing!! Husband & 5 year old daughter have fled to Venezuela! :'(
TEXT ME AFTER SCHOOL LOLING SO BAD I HAVE THE BEST STORY
Signed and left a comment
I wish I wasn't so full so I could get a turtle sundae!
Apple Mushroom Turkey Burger - Better Fitness Daily - Try this healthy variation of the classic burger made with turkey, onions,...
I'm sure the "you too" was directed at me, at least _I_ read it that way. I'm closing my eyes right now. Sweet d r e a m s
The lakers vs Clippers;) Let's go lakers and let's go Kobe !!!!!!
damn I shoulda come and kicked it with y'all :)
So the Bucks... yeah...
all the best on #2012! love you always <3
can't coach height
no habs no!
Heading to the que probate with my line sisters!
BTW, the Ms. Pac Man machine is in the basement of our Alberta St. Teahouse!
make it happen and when do you guys and go back? when do you get back?
#CastingCall National TV Show looking for somebody who went thru PGD for a GIRL
Meeting Prize recipient #KarenArmstrong today #NJ event 2hear more abt
yea he does! That's so weird! LLN :)
"we can still be friends" "really" "NO GO FUCK YOURSELF"
RT : When enough Americans get together we can defeat the big money of corporate interests. #ohio #issue2 defeated
basically girls who were topshop nirvana tops and think its fucking too cool even though they dont listen to nirvana...
I give up, tell me how!
that's good how's the break treating u
RT : What if I am the only one powerful enough to stop me to set me free? I am in charge of it all at my next audition....
@ great minds think alike, oh yeah and us too.
Chaperoning 5th graders reading to 4yrolds at Bridge Boston Charter School. Great place!
Owww HOOOOOTTTTTTT dang let the bad luck begin
Insane double play by Minnesota!
And here comes the legalize #marijuana bit..."greatest danger is war on drugs, More than the drugs themselves"
i mean.. i am going to jamaica on sunday??
little sandwiches and cheesecake bites!
My brother is still being a dick so I'll continue to ignore him!
Sea World San Diego did sell Divvies cookies though.
Happy Friday! Woot!
hehe...I just love that quote!
Enjoyed American Idol Concert & seeing the new Halloween II this weekend!
you mean buy me stuff
you're work is absolutely beautiful and amazing!
Appears to be more to the #Trayvon case than originally thought. Glad I wasn't to quick to pass judgement...
Happy moms day everyone!
RT Lakoff: If "ich bin ein Berliner"= "I am a jelly donut" then "I am a New Yorker"= "I am a magazine whose cartoons nobody gets"
Good lord I'm buzzed off just one BBC beer lol
why is that awesome. it seems to me that this observation does not fit the definition of awesome
It's not the eyebrows that are the worst. Just trust me on this one...
#istandwith #ididnotreport tweeters - we need a feminist presence to counteract the sexist denials of
I will miss the BIG chair behind the #President by the #SOTU, will need to sit between the crowd and look up to what a pity.
speakin of kids. shawn has a 0.4 GPA! got to make up several classes. what a dumbass!! lol
Eventually though the craftsman needs to leave his box & get his music out to the people that want to be touched by it.
i dont have any videos. but i can email you a song. whats your eamil?
Random being nice
FINALLY Nunez does something good!
Me!(: And i won't ever stop!<3
I participated last year and haven't been able to look twice at that project ... we'll see. Good Luck to you tho!
RT And thank you to all of you who have already followed me on :)
please come to New jersey! wee love you here!!!
Wearing a blazer, looking sexy. 50's called earlier, told me I looked good
I'm a hopless romantic
Lemons will stay fresh longer if you store them in a bowl of cold water in the fridge. They'll keep up to months this way.
Anyone know of any good photographers in Orlando Florida??
You can't send him there - BB
You should follow :D it would be greatly appreciated, and he's pretty awesome!
Dear Republicans. You want smaller goverment but want to tell me how I should live my life? Makes no sense. Stay out of my bedroom.
glad i'm able to answer one of life's difficult questions for you.
A recent study said that dinosaur farts significantly warmed the climate.
American Hospital Association: Took 2 people 3 months to overhaul AHA's Intranet and collaboration enterprise-wide
Going to a backyard party tonight featuring two movies under the stars. Should be stellar.
I realized for the first time in my life I'm actually jealous of another female,know of her but don't know her,and we follow each other
Today G by Guess PULSE Unplugged Event. 30% Off Everything. Not a PULSE member? Sign up store
nope. Undergraduates seem to be highly navigation challenged.
There's going to be a "Battleship 2" >>>
I agree with you 100% !!!
Looking dumb while running away from a bee!!!
u welcome
Im going to be so busy tomorrow its not even funny. The new NKOTBSB song don't turn out the lights is addicting. I sing it every day.
A bad girl trying to be good:/.
RT if you use the women's bathroom when ever possible.
Have some nuts pick 1 overtime winner!!! Going Fisher!
So. how have things been around her lately.
Who is coming to Power Play tomorrow? We are psyched!
See , this is what lying does .. learn from oomf mistakes - dont lie on me , dont stunt on me , dont BULLSHIT me !
How's the finals grind treating you?
'husband' loved it and the black zip. Amazing what men notice!
Yes, good suggestion. Thank you!
Hey you should rename the Sounds of Coachella channel to the Jack Johnson channel.
Whitney Houston is dead?? Wtf? 48 is way too young!
Remember to #live a little and enjoy #family and
Thank you for the RT ;) xo
sure! I'll join. but im just gonna tweet something.. my parents wont allow me to post a pic.. :(
Still down on Aug 15 draft deadline..July 15 makes way more sense to me..
At the #BrickHouse with and no sign of
Booty Bassment tonight at the Whistle Stop. There ain't nothing wrong with a little bump 'n grind.
Hi, when writing text messages in a novel should I Italicize or underline?
Rocky T-shirt Catch This Classic Adult Charcoal Tee Shirt
He that won't be counselled can't be helped.
Out at the Hamnett bout to fall asleep...
I'm writing an article on shy vs introvert. If you are either, I would love to interview you. Don't be shy! (Really, don't be.)
how could I convert from my beloved transcendental melodic agnosticism? Monroe, 1:4-5
Made even worse when he licks his finger to turn the page
a success then. an average of .300 is hall of fame worthy in some disciplines!
All over city with my dear family then dance in Rasputin. Oh la la.
Fuck!!! What the fuck is going on tonight?!
I think all mb fans would be mad If he did something like that :-)
yes - still active! can you please re-send the email? terribly sorry about that!
Ugly girls shut the fuck up!
Bikram yoga on a Friday YEAH YEAH sometimes you have to accept the need for balance!!
Going shopping with my boys is one continuous comedy act! Just as well everyone else around is smiling also.
but in the end it's not your company. They do what they see fit. Like it buy it don't well then don't... Pretty simple.
Heading to now...Josh is going to print his own Made in America Tshirt!
One of the best fridays in a long time.
3 Weeks from today I will be in Vegas for #MayweatherCotto can't wait.
I'm officially changing my business card title to "Pastiche Design Genius"
so go back farther than that. Look at the team not making "sell" moves at deadline in 09, 10. Or even father back to Lee trade.
40% off sale at Blick Art Supply today! ... Sweet !!
to play Magic the card game - even out here in the sticks.
G.M.N.I.: Can't sleep. Reflecting. All signs point to the obvious.
Well said brother. Oye papo, when am I gonna see an live show?!
#myraptureplaylist includes songs by Prince: New World, Emancipation, and Rainbow Children.
heyo and I are going to dso may 29 at brooklyn bowl...
#MyPastRelationships have sucked but i don't regret them because they showed me how fucked up people act in a relationship.
Wtf you give him the ball for Ron smh
#BigTenNetwork loves showing last year's #Ohio State-#Michigan clash -- easily the best game of also-ran contenders from 2011.
"shut up bitch" - Rodes
hahahah im pumped man!!!!! im gonna be there in exactly one week!!!!
Because I'm pre-ordering at the concert!
long day at work i had 201 notices im in need of a massage anybody available ?
Good folks at Time Warner are working hard to resolve what I'm told is a massive network outage. Our newsroom is inquiring as to details.
Man I love me some snickers
Wise_Kaplan. You are a genius with multitudinous gifts. The rest of us can only, merely, touch the hem of your garment.
Jordan E. Kay. Junior Partner, Sterling Cooper Advertising Agency.
Had a great workout today!
Got the positive out the way...I hate being woke outta my good sleep for stupidity
did you get the invite for Weds nite Women in Technology on FB? Feel free to bring others if you can come...
You are uniquely you
#SteveHarveyMovie----I haven't seen it yet but yes I am a DREAMER/MAMA'S BOY~BAMM
my boyfriend is adorable.
awful! how can we get community back?
I can send the numbers of the cards I used that were involved in the scam.
- You sound cool, too. Since your degree in horribleness is honorary, mine was earned. I bet we are equally horrible.
or when your in the tanning bed lmaoo
tweets every song he listens to. Someone teach this kid bout twitter
S/o to everyone who came thru the kickback at the crib last night too much #KUSH not enough swichers
Love it. Great stuff!
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. ~ Oscar Wilde
Indeed. RT : Sounds much more appealing than cupnuts.
Awh :) I'm always here for you girl! Are you ready for high school?
you know I got you!
You are truley a man among women
you can say that again. good night Mark!
Had a good night (: would have been better if he was there though.
558AD- The dome the #HaghiaSophia collapsed under its own weight. The Emperor #Justinian ordered it immediately rebuilt stronger.
Agree! RT A2) If you are hanging out where audience is talking, you're *never* overextended
Damn Twitter won't let me go to bed.
at least he was on for 10 min...people should be greatful for that
Washington Wealth Makes Waves With Addition of Pacific Point, Opens LA Office
Hoes is irritating like the hiccups
New Costume white Laser Cut Metal Party Mask
with +bby getting ready for !
I don't think my "raw food only" diet is really going to work until all my snacks are gone from my work space...
:( no worse feeling than knowing you never come first
RT : Is Halloween a good time to teach your children about taxes? For every 10 you get, you need to pay your parents 4....
thanks again for a great night of food and karaoke
manic panic is vegan.
Bout watch the Heat vs Knicks! Who you rockin' wit?
u will be severely missed!!:(
Ignorance, especially when you can do something about it.
We live in a time period of smart phones and stupid people.
thanks fa being my rock and number one supporter babe!
if I did that I wouldn't even be going...
What a Fun Week!! Texas Round-Up, Kristin Armstrong, Mother's Day and Teacher Appreciation specials!
RT : Sorcery last night with Maiya Sykes Dave Wood
I am in deep trouble monday........pam im comming for u!!!!
Matt Holliday bomb and the Cards lead 4-3.
Tomorrow is sending me on my first business trip. Psyched to accompany to #alamw12 in Dallas!!
I wish falling in love had traffic lights, so that I would know if I should: Go for it, slow down, or just stop.
click on "me", then click on your pic, then click edit profile. This is how to do it from ur phone
No problem. We are all helping each other by spreading the word.
sorry DP was a foul there but plenty of clearouts not called all game.
And that last tweet proves I've been up way too long:) Ideas to turn the mind off? Preferably legal but.....lol j/k
Friendship means understanding, not agreement. It means forgiveness, not forgetting. It means the memories last even if the contact is lost.
S/O to have a good night iight
What a BITCH!!!! How ignorant is this man??? How you gonna get your kids to do that to there mother??? This fool must really be needing
Orientation begins today in #madrid ... so excited for our students!
I'm getting a little better day by day
I'm sure I will watch some games =)
HAPPY INTERNATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY to my Naked Health friends! Being British how could I miss this day. Let me know how I can inspire you to g…
: I did! Going again on Thurs.!
I spotted some superheroes today!
lines tonight: liverpool evens, chelsea -130. as expected, no prop bets to be found.
RT - Superbowl XLVI forecast: New England Patriots vs Philadelphia Eagles
Thank you so very much!
Courage is not the absence of fear, but the presence of faith.
I dont want your money i just want your trust and love
Crash I-205 SB before the #Gladstone exit is all gone...still left over slowing between the #Milwaukie exit and Gladstone.
I am just a grain of sand
Tomorrows FRiDAY!(:
Taking time this season to give, not receive.
....and you have an awesome day yourself. Peace.
now I'm gonna get off twitter... maybe... possibly...
Jesus help me I'm losing my help I'm falling emotionally but I'm scared Idk wat to do bit I love u so much
Thinks he just heard a white dude call some one Dudley, because he aint move when the light changed *Zooted*
thank you. i'm doing great. hope you and your fambam are doing fab. have a good night.
thanks for following our twitter and listening to us!! Hope "Eyes Closed" helps u through the day :)
Have a great weekend everyone. Support Live Music wherever you're hanging this weekend!
I'm totally getting ready for school
so enjoyed the #istefeud! You All were fabulous!
I'm passing roanake call me
stop twitting on my twitter.
WTF?! He should never have gotten through 3 of our players!
Its uploading! :D
Nelly Furtado Walks On Stilts In New “Big Hoops” Behind-The ...
#aliens directors cut is on cinemax and #princessbride is on another channel going to be tough to work and decide what to watch
I liked it! I'll keep watching. :)
Home Alone 2 is one of my favorite movies of all time :)
hahahah "justin beiber" is trending in Atlanta.
Just keeping the theme consistent.
OH SNAP! Look who followed me on Twitter. My day is MADE. Go do your homework.
Montaluce Winery is Sells its wines online to Georgia buyers
Anyone got a cure for a quarter life crisis? I'm at a crossroads and don't know where to turn...
Panera for me too late lunch though.
idk I saw it in the news last night in the ER
so a rumor has been going around that Harry is bisexual... i completely support him if he is but can you confirm or deny it?
Tonight! Join us #SaturdaySessions then after-ups DM us for RSVP/Tables
Oh yuck, I forgot about that! Are you feeling the effects of Irene?
RT if you miss JB's Drive-Thru-Pranks ! Need a #BieberFix ~
Oh, baby, I'm always ready. *smirking*
"there should be no conviction without counsel." Norman Reimer
Hope you'll join us at this month's Green Drinks #GSO on 9/21, 5:30-7 pm, The Green Bean.
what kind?!!?
For acquisitions, huh? And I feel for those ed staffers who have to maintain programs w/fewer people.
Got my shoes WET !!
What is a man's view of safe sex? A padded headboard.
I love you so much i know all of your songs Super Bass, Autobiography,Muny,Blow Ya Mind, Romans Revenge, Save Me, Massive Attack
Was doing so well at the pacer until I tripped >.< now my ankle hu
GL: as long I can share work w/ people I study, even noone agrees, OK. R job not to approve/disapprove; but 2 show how things work
these 2 people survived the zombies and shizz and got into the govt place and now the govt trying to kill them cuz yolo
Today Show right now - 'Nag No More'. Perfect segment to watch to help marriages & relationships in terms of communication & conflict.
These routine plays are turning into circus time for the #Brewers. Stop it.
I've barely caught any music at SXSW, but it's been cool meeting everyone that knows me through the web. Lots of great folks out there!
“: RT if you're the one who always does all of the work when doing a group project in class.” yeah every time... <U+0001F612>
12 MB left to download :D
Yay! Congrats, and glad it's sorted.
Oh no! The 1st time I make it on here is my oops? :(
My feelings are always inside. I either feel like I'm going to get judged because of my thoughts, or no one's there to listen...
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
Shout out to all my OHIO LADIES
your voice was the soundtrack of my summer*
#JonezBestBet of the night: Over 204.5 in the Spurs Jazz game. Look for Parker to drop 40+
doesn't *lol* look like a drowning cheerleader?.... weird :/
#LetsDoThis today, I'll give you free advice. I just want you to know your options.. Ignorance is not bliss people.
Within the next 3 months, I will inspire everyone on Earth to use pendulums to get answers to their questions. One big pendulum club for me.
happy early birthday!!
your welcome anytime and hell yea I'm in the avengers!!!!
Otw to the work spot
Good luck ?
#ThingsMyMotherSays "I'm thirsty, where is a glass cause cups are nasty they taste like cup and they stank".....LOL
Chase Rice's new album Dirt Road Communion climbing the iTunes country Top Albums this am! 9:30 and already at #11!!!!!
Join my chat:D woo.
STOP IT! me and aren't going out!!!
are you talking about the cherry berry one or whatever it's called?
Let the horns rise.
Back home now. Quite a wild experience. Thx 4 the kind words. We're going to tweet about you today to again show our appreciation.
How come it doesn't feel lile it?
My addiction on twitter is about to start !
They need to stop talking shit that aint even true.
paint a wooden chair?
i'm trying to find that mexican song from the radio but i can't.. D:
Watching all of the #bond movies in order. At least the ones with Sean Connery in them. Diamonds Are Forever now
tonight's gonna be a good night. cuz tonight is Underground @ the wesley. come and worship with us!!! 8:07pm
After hours of blindly making tiny changes, finally resolved CSS problem! (Clapped and shouted "HA!" loudly; hopefully no roommates around.)
People don't cry because they are weak...They cry because they have been strong for too long!
work this afternoon was slow enough for me to finish reading a chapter on information literacy and a couple articles to boot.
I want to meet you while you're here! has told me so much about you.
yep. Got one about an hour ago.
Only 3 spots left!! www.thecommercialclass.com
oh well follow me though!
bieksa is killing me this game
The fastest way to put cash in your pocket is to save money on the things you do every day!
Round of applause to the 13 million people who stood up - #PIPA and #SOPA are tabled 4 now.
I just called my mom to wish her a Happy Mothers Day and I lost the call waiting war!
When you're trying to concentrate and you have assholes thinking their fingers are drum sticks
I am elated at the street named after Bernie Mac in Chicago's Englewood neighborhood. Sorry I miss the dedication ceremony. It still hurts!
Hope all AU students enjoyed a spring break filled with rest and relaxation! Safe travels to all coming back to campus!
man... Yall hoes got room.. It wouldnt be right without thw who is me
Nice weather for a morning bike ride down to the Metro for first day on the job site. Here goes!
I stop to watch it every time :)
Thanks ya'll
u aren't following me -- I can't dm
& : Drinks one of these nights?
I will have test that theory.
Watching the #NASCAR prerace show on fox live from talladega super speedway.
I think I ate too many Christmas cookies...
bright house is God awful! KNIGHT and Packer fan in Orlando!!!
ready to put in some work
The worst thing you could do is doubt us
RT : Everyone should follow #GOGREEN // NOT the chosen one - the BEST one for #NV03 to kick the
Thanks Jeff! Appreciate the support! : , Jensen is bringing it! Fabulous food!
oh - now that'd be nice.. but it would make it a little more difficult to get out a sentence! they r really puffy though
Wow, dirty shot from Wade. Lucky he didnt get bounced by the reffs, oh wait... its the Heat.
Hope everyone has an amazing 2012!!!! Its going to hard to top how perfect 2011 was, but I'm sure going to give it a try!!! =)
Someone slashed my tire last night while I was at work o_O ai
yeah aren't they just great
People tripping on shrooms almost make me want some. Almost.
I'm so happy! I was done at 4pm today! Yeah!
I looked on her calendar and it doesn't say anything so I didn't do it anyways. haha
We've got a lot to learn. God knows we're worth it.
Pinky & The Brain <3
of curse :)
Lill Studio on Armitage. You choose the style, fabric, inside and straps. They make it. It was fun!! 904 W Armitage
Was held at Toronto security because they thought my bar of soap was a weapon.
Joe Mather 2-run single, CUBS WIN!
Chiming in to say hi!
Step 1 to tackling difficult/neglected film: 'make sure no one is watching.' oh so true.
Yeah, its like that.
Aint nothin wrong wit shootin the fair one! Am I wrong?
You can’t lose what you never had. You can’t keep what’s not yours. And you can’t hold on to something that doesn’t want to stay. #TLS"
Boo Boo Stewart is fascinated by DNA imprints at the Golden Globes
That, too!
The video of Chris Bosh punking Lebron's interview is fucking hilarious.
“: just text me. Please.” will do.
What song? :) what up jersey girl. #Jersey is where its at.
here we go
I've been craving a sandwich all week. I am re-structuring all my meals so I can have one for dinner. has certainly taken over
Nice to see your coverage of racial sensitivity re: DeNiro extends to the Trayvon Martin case as well. Oh wait...
Our #tribe was inspired by the #Movember movement. Check out our latest #blog post: builtforman.com
WHAT?! You me E apt shop, we back Tues. aight x
Swimming with sharks
rock chalk jayhawk!
Lemme know how it goes - I can def help you- kinda busy but after March 1 I'll have more time. STILL laughing about the mucinex!
yo where y'all at
Only on camera only on camera. Lies!! RT : Nigga u eat butt too ": You dont want to drink after him. He eat butt."
YES! I would love to see more work from her. I think she's super-creative & funny.
Weigh in time.
Breast Cancer Study Could Change Treatment
sad that it's super-intern 's last day with good #CapeTown recommendations for her? (cc: )
Mifflin Fun Fact: Current Mayor Paul Soglin was one of the founding members of the block party
that's cool :)
how could you have found love when I'm still here cryin waitin for you to find me :'(
Rainy day in Tacoma. Definitely Washington weather.
& genesimmons YAY! A BIG congrats to u 2! Luv the show & can't wait to see new season!
you didn't zing me until the "interesting" and that's when u got me good and really embarrassed me.
RIAA has never admitted this. Unauthorized reproduction of even 1s and 0s you own violates 106(1), some have said. So, fair use?
do the Ravens even know they need a wr?
Sleep Tip of the Week: There should be no television, radio, or music playing while your child is going to sleep. If you have a good...
I like that song....lol
omg this is SO cute !!! <33333 I want to give him a big hug
#SometimesIwonder what I'd be doing if I still lived in Oklahoma.
MYTH BUSTER: WA State has no limit on authorization expiration dates, that limit is set by your authorizing healthcare provider.
Early Hesiman Candidates by tonight...
lol I remember you saying that you weren't uploading them.
Blush tones on the red carpet are amazing! Love them all!
you stink and I don't like you ... who knew it would be wrestling and not rampant liberalism that would be my tipping point
I cried so hard!! Great movie but super sad ;(
guys. 10 more days of class. dhfjsdgdhfgdhfd
Why'd you hang up on me? "Because I think you're cute and I get shy lol" haha excuses!
Guess i'm gonna eat my pizza lunchable now
I'm assuming UT isn't a close 2nd in both categories?
thanks! Still officially waiting on the child!
IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW BACK <U+2665>
The have a great deal of outreach to do with the local community for us to support them like we do the
Thank you so much! is beyond fantastic.
cool.. Wld love to hook up when your free up. I actually work down in Whitfield hall :)
#DailyRebellion: Say something encouraging/supportive/inspiring to another woman, even if it's by email.
soo is she going to remember that she meet damon first and love him?! or is she going to stay with stephan?! omg this is crazy!!
Would u let me fall?
what's hanin'..
the aspirin thingie ^.^
SALSA ES LO QUE HAY on my mind everyday!!! LOL
If my computer runs any slower I'm going to have to start calling it "Matt"
Can the rangers just win please<U+0001F64F>
Yeah lot of folks don't know I'm a sound guy & got to play with the toys the double 'Lexicons'
I'm gonna have to third that!! Come to us right meow!!
Gorgeous drive to Vancouver BC to watch Aaron speak on a panel at the ASIS&T National Conf. Wish I could attend the conf, but work calls.
Omg Jocelyn is always taking off her diapers and leaving them everywhere!
A 5yr old told me tonight that I need to work at a grocery store so I can make tons of money:)
American Asshole represent in this one. HA, LOVE!
Visiting the home town and doing some work and seeing some of la familia at the famous El Rancho Grande
A concerned resident just asked me state for the record that I remain unaffiliated with the Harry Thomas Tea Party. Ready for fast change
just have a feeling tomorrows going to be fucked up
(still not over it.)
Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese. - Nick Cannon
I help talented independent artists get the exposure they deserve
Now that I'm a working woman, my life is not quite as interesting as I'd like it to be. Boo
always appreciated
I take my puppy everywhere with me. Is that weird?
Obesity and Diabetes So Strongly Linked as to Coin the Term
Frank, what happened to that Brazilian chick U were going to hook up with. U showed me a pic of her on your phone at Vibrato.
' Me too Lhh.
Before unemployment can be reduced, we must get this #gop congress out.
Found and at the !
Check out new shirts on facebook
kik is also for like ghetto ass people
Thanks for the follow, we are following back.
thank you! Great first day !!!
Coffee with my long lost friend , then an audition I really wanted! Happy Friday!
Every time I get a text from you I find myself smiling <U+0001F60A>
I wish I knew too.
IF mitt romney would be President, there would be no "need" to worry about the deficit, he'd cut all programs and KEEP ALL the money himself
Don't forget...TOMORROW: Drink on us , 10p! Sam Adams anyone?
how are u today?
Congrats Coach!
You are the fire on my apartment floor, sixteen stories, I'd rather burn then fall.
Yes he is lmao i know right im fully mexican<U+2665>
I took him down <U+0001F622> he's all alone in the closet...
I haven't tried Red Hook yet
Now you've got it. My hubby doesn't quite get it yet.
"If you give your ear to fools, they will chew it off." We as a society need to think about this.
1st name an last name ______!!!
This afternoon, my son, and I, are going on a tour of The Raleigh Film Studio in Pontiac, Michigan.
Really Hanson back to back homers?
not bragging but tomorrow I might just stay in and jerk off just cause I can! hahaha
Great pic in March issue of
Thanks! Hope you're doing well.
45 more lbs to go! Getting closer to my goal of losing 60lbs. Amino acids and veggies are the keys!
Buzzin day today :).
hey, concert on sunday right? what time
I love it when you can tell you've been followed by a spam bot, especially when the company is state specific and not in yours....
these hoes fake dude!
The Gospel is not being preached correctly until my hands are moving as much as my lips.
Something Fresh For the Sports Fans...Are you ready???
Didn't you left like 1 minute ago ? haha
My girlfriend is a very angry person 0_o
hilarious. RT : Romney: 'Anything wrong, I'm opposed to'
Literally pacing back and forth waiting for my mom- and aunt-in-law to get here. Ack, stupid traffic!!
We're on our way back to NYC after a successful trip to the #MarchForLife today! We also got to meet several Congressmen at a reception.
Booking 2012 Balloon Events now!
another boring day -.-
Bailey it would mean so much if you followed me (': <333333
#replacebandnameswithbacon this romantic bacon. Even though im vegetarian. It was funny.
Dog just picked a huge spider off a wall and ate it. I'm very very very very disgusted and grateful
as pop music's
Cool weather all week, break out the scarfs!
nice! Now you need a road trip to Ohio to try them out ;)
Can't Wait To Be Famous >>>> Just Hope The People I Love Will Still Be Here To Witness It
did he really say that? "half in England think she's guilty and here in the US, it's just the opposite"
Thanks for the amazing time tonight! Virginia Beach is our home and will always be!
Sorry!.. Just been busy!.. i could tell you the same thing! lol.. How are you ?? are you in cali yet ?
Preaching Greatness...
I miss the innocence I've known, playing KISS covers, beautiful and stoned.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE KING <3 I Will Love You Always!!!!
Hopefully is learning as well as apologizing. One reason there aren't more female software developers: because of assholes like them.
Don't know what to do, but can't give up.
im not sure yet.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures. ~Henry Ward Beecher
The count down begins 4 the ULTIMATE SD brewery&beer tasting tour THIS Saturday!Grab ur friends&hop on a party bus 4 only $25
yeah.. knee!
illustrated "Six Sheep Sip Thick Shakes: and Other Tricky Tongue Twisters" - a really FUN book from Millbrook Press
Anisimov earns straight A's for Rangers There are only two Ranger forwards with more points this postseason than Artem Anisimov, a 23-yea
is this your new scent?
DYNASTY IS NOW $30 BECAUSE OUR CONTESTANTS OVER 600 VOTES IN LESS THAN 24HOURS! OUTRAGEOUS!
This dinner is going to be epic. Food by Govind Armstrong with wine paired by Can't wait!
So I guess today will be one of those days where I work on three proposals at once instead of actually getting anything done...
Only one month until #SIPADC. Looking forward to seeing all my B2B colleagues for a great discussion.
My nephew is very entertaining. Translation: not much will get done for the next few hours.
Impressed too by your responsiveness! Good customer service = easy recommendation. Planning to implement Tout in my department.
Growth means stretching ourselves beyond where we have been.
oh my god tired af
COME ON HOOSIERS!
u r AWESOMME! yesterday was AMAZING
My cat just stepped on my ass crack! AWKWARD!! O.o
I'm due to meet up with and the Kenya crew, so I'll be just heading to the hotel restaurant.
I dont like today! But Ill have to make it out of it alive.
Im upset with how people are treated. It disgusts me how cruel some people can be. If anybody needs to talk to or just a friend im here.
I AM TROY DAVIS
its too early to be awake...
Come watch the baseball Playoffs at our place and feast on great pizza!
and no, ate at mcd's (outside vegas) for the first time in almost a decade
The sun really shows off the girls cellulite
SPJ @ UW - Milwaukee is officially up and running. Follow us and connect with up and coming journalists at UWM.
Omg. I See Stars just melted my face off! Major love!
great win at home! Solid team! Still fear top big ten team!
May ur cards be live and ur pots be mustard!
‘#Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom.’ – George Washington Carver
You know you've played too much Tetris when you close your eyes and all you can see are dropping blocks.
We've got the bulls game on live in the booth here at #citrixsynergy stop on by
You have a right to your opinions. I just don't want to hear them. -Anonymous
Landlord has not yet put up screens; random outdoor thumps highly likely to be squirrels running into a propped-open storm window. :)
RT I hope you're wearing your bike helmet while using the Internet... because... meow.
< aint nobody worse than fat when he in his zone lol
When we love someone we'd do anything for them, but sometimes we go to the ends of the world just to realize that they aren't there.
New pro pic to show support 2 the flawless inspiring graceful showed me 2 hold strong to my beliefs no matter what they say
I like it. There's a ramp up to the door and everything.
“: Just saw a woman with her boob out breastfeeding in a smiths parking lot. #smh at least use a blanket...”
There were so many black people!!
Why is it that on beautiful days, I’m always working and on days I don’t work, it’s cold and rainy?
I get to listen to it all. Feel it. It's beautiful. Rest assured your deeds don't go unnoticed. I notice.
free tickets to some museum. should i go?
Hey photographer for all of your print needs check out our sponsors AdoramaPix
definitely! i'll write you.
If I die today remember me like Perfect Cell...
Hollywood could do with a touch of class.
RT ": BBMS HUMPDAY HOTLINE: What do your friends do around your significant other that pisses you off?"
Time for Insanity with the sisters
dad took her Wednesday and it took 4 days 4 me to get the pic....grrrr..but glad I could share :)
It has picked up here in the vendor hall of the BYU Genealogy Conference. Must be lunch time.
#WorldWaterDay Choose to skip the meat today and save thousands of gallons of water today!
A delayed but still grateful thank you!
TMZ reporting that #dickclark died of a massive heart attack.
YOU KNOW THIS TO BE TRUE.
you r exactly right. Wow what a few hours do and ur correct meds. My brain's working again.Lol. Hey I did my 1st just do it.
He really hates to be alone.
omg. That sounds soo good. I've never had one before. Ahah
Do you know what proportions are?
Check out the last story link, It will take you to a gallery of nothin' but Impregnation smut (who knew, right?)
got a membership with today! It was my first day back to the gym in a while...it was a tough workout but rewarding!
Remind me again where you're fave place in DC is to get them?
First tweet
1 week of J Lo's salary on Idol would pay for all the homecoming
Had a Chick-Fil-A for the first time today. Thanks Texas.
What is your favorite go-to breakfast on long workout days?
when i tweet a celebrity, mays well talk to myself. it's not like they would notice by how many mentions they get. pahah xD
who do you want to win???
We are escalating our investment activities. We are in the flow, the zone!
Hello I am better than your ex,fresher than your next ;)
Silicon Valley Code Camp + a some others... Do you have any suggestions?
Well, last night I searched on using tweetdeck. I left her name in the search que.
TAKE HER AND RUN. it's a her right?
Any suggestions for Elmhurst's animation/graphic novel collection? Almost done with my collection development recommendations.
Close friends hating on me really tryna play me out
I want a nose job so bad!! :(
Hey #Seattle! We are offering a FREE 15 minute Acupuncture consultation for anyone who checks in on Foursquare, stop by today to schedule :)
Best show on TV RT Just turned on
I appreciate what you do, but cant help but think you're ruining sports..
When people say they''re handsome and you're like "WTF?!"
Today is a huge day for me!! Beyond stoked! Stay tuned for news!! :D
I guess I'll see you up there tomorrow dude!!
Microsoft, LGE may hold talks on smartphones
#Imagine You're about to kiss Harry when he pulls away. You:"Harry!" Harry:*Giggles* "Aw you're so cute when you're angry." *Kisses you*
Leadership Development training for a client in #OKC this morning. Talking "future & the power of unleashing their team's thinking."
I'm not hungry but Waffle House sounds amazing right now! Im on #Fatass mode.
Need a Medical Massage and have a drs. prescription? I accept most health insurance plans. Call for verification.
they should run smartOS!!
Oh hell yeah new music thursdays
#ILoveMyMomBecause of her cooking<U+E420>
There are a ton of short codes that will help with posting by email.
"Melvin Mora, numb nuts." - a ten year old child
how is the adventure hunting coming?
Bojangles and I have been going steady for the past few months... but I'm really hoping he breaks up with me after I give birth.
yea its one of those nights for me lol... hopefully itll make for a better day
The Queen Vic will give a prize
The Superhero Spectacular begins in an hour in the Shults Center. Balloon artist, photo booth, bouncy house, caricaturist, and more!
OHH, that article was about a LIBERIAN prison, not a LIBRARIAN prison
can you let floyd mayweather know im coming after him ? i mean this in the most serious way ever too
You've already been to Ma'ano for brunch?
It's hard for me to be serious for an entire day.
Onward to play with catz. Woo!
Goddamn it, Seth McFarlane. Just stop.
Working hard or hardly working? | Rigid-Soft Development
Poll workers in #Zionsville were treated to Election Day lunches today, courtesy of our dedicated Guild members! Thank you, ladies!
Went to the bath house last nite. It was pretty lame until a younger guy came in. He fucked me good and he fucked me raw.
Leave corner shops out of it!!! And yes I did very much, it made me smile ;) x
Hello everyone This is Justin Bieber I made a new twiter VAIT I just released a new album is part fan but I love you
Salsa dancing starts at Famous Dave's after #YPOTC business #networking. : ) Get your Tuesday groove on!
Will make a (hopefully long) appearance at #wpbt during my day trip to Vegas....
if you then, being evil, know how to give good gifts, how much more will your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to those who ask!
Welcome to my world!
next time I am in Cville we should find those slides.
I can't believe how many people want Skylar to go home.
Thanks everyone for joining us!
roflmao! I HATE when you call me that!!!! And I love Kem...that's the next concert I'm taking u to hmph
golf with some donors. Helping a family who needs our help with their school. The farm. A wedding. A birthday party. And you?
It's the day of the show, y'all! Tonight we kick off our weekend of 3 NYC shows. Tonight, tomorrow & Saturday 8pm Come!
Made it all the way from O'Hare to Logan only to have our silver line bus slam into a Mercedes SUV.
i went from 89 followers 2 105. u guys make dreams cometrue now i get 2 follow everyone i see on the twitter post board now
Yes Lord.
Hanging with and more at Society for Military History this weekend in D.C.
ha glad i could help from afar
Awesome weather finally :)
When you miss having class with someone
Will and grace >>>>>>>>>> best show ever
Thanks again new followers #FF , , ,
"The price of greatness is responsibility."
Officially engaged! Oh happy day! Love you !
your jealous and I find it funny..
Dopamine is norepinephrine's best friend.
Ha! Cuddle weather... ;-)
Nasty ain't the word
If you're at SFO, it's not San Francisco...
I have to thank you for your consistent RT's...it really means so much to me!
your opening keynote was inspiring. Thanks again for everything you've done for the MySQL community.
He did the right thing...just leave the kids out as much as possible.
: I wonder how many of the 1.3% in US using IE6 are at DOS?
awmigawd i can't freaking wait.
Looks great, we hope everyone had a wonderful time. Happy Holidays!!!
Tech are not the only companies in sf that get tax breaks.
whoa. check out google maps' Quest feature. it turns maps into a zelda-like landscape.
STILL have tickets 4 the all white party may 19th at #clubsugarhill. text NIGHTOUT to 72727 to win a pair! drawing tomorrow for mothers day
RT : I miss my bros// Miss you too sis!!
Got me a new bathing suit
This is stuidddd.
#QueueBarLounge tonight 9pm-5am where ladies gather b4 going to the club
I was too busy showing love Ian see the signs
is peaking on Passover.
like the comment if your tuned in!
bieber fever(:
#ThingsThatILike Partying!!! Oh yeah!!!
Hate to add to all the posts, but I really am excited to see The Hunger Games tonight! ;D
Haha..those are only for ME! ;-)
The better part of valor is discretion. ~ William Shakespeare
Listening to WMYB, missed Zayn's solo, restarted WMYB.
i saw a status on facebook a few hours after i asked. haha
Digital artifacts can help explain a concept easily- lesson plans not necessarily best tool for educators
I stand corrected, but barring the improbability of Denver losing 3 in a row the Suns control their own destiny.
it sure is
I always think #ShamelessProductPlacement but secretly hope #don'tlabelme
That's Nice To Hear<3 And I'm Great(: Thanks For Asking<3 xx
Yayy <3 hahaha. Do you know what song you are doing?
Forgot a chap stick today... knows the torture this puts me through...
*www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA & the GIN HALL HUSTLERS >>
When teachers give you work time and laptops :)
Sometimes life is like a boxing match. Bruised, hobbling, in pain, but then u land a combination that changes the game.
It's been awhile. Let's do this.
why'd they supposivly break up?!
RIP grandma anne, I love you, adore you, will always miss you. Christmas will never be the same.
For a limited time, buy our kid's &quot.pop-up book app&quot. for 99 cents =]
talking with me would not be awesome for you, then ;)
Gasp!! hasnt been on twitter for almost a whole day!! 23 hours!!
Truth: The crazier the chick, the better the sex.
I pass a Brewers flag on the way to and from work everyday. :)
I seriously think youre an extremely awesome person even though we barely had said a few words to each other
Full moons on clear blue lake, sweet corn fresh from the field and beer. RT RT What I love about Wisconsin is: ____
This has been buzzing on my mind from House: "Life is pain."
Shower.Clothes & School :)
Ready for #AHAA2012 panel w
I trimed them up as well...
What cities do you recommend??
"The saddest thing in life is wasted talent."
Ray ban swag.
At McIntire for the second time for a CUb Scout event- kids are excited
that place is so freaking awesome!! Great food and and awesome decorations!
Honesty want to jump off a cliff right now
Today's black film of the day is "A Gathering of Old Men." Great film & a great book as well.
i hear ya.
We'll have a special discount for all chat participants at the end of the chat! WOO!!
If only you could love enough
Uhm. Excuse me. Why don't we deserve respect? We're people too. And, another thing, i'm 17, not 9.
“A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.” - Max Lucado
These are spot on. So good. Thanks for sharing! ^LG
Welcome back from Spring Break. Worried about your research papers? Now would be a great time to ask a librarian...
Having fun adding folks!!!! Morning everyone!
s/o to my mom! hope you have a great mother's day and remember how much you are love and appreciated.
Looking for a great condo or house to buy or sell? Contact me.
ha with who
Thanks for your order of CleanStart today!!! You will love it.
6 days until we #StopSDGEPowerlink. Come down to Sempra HQ at 12:30 on Monday March 7 with signs and enthusiasm! Green, NOT greed!
the new figures will be released first at the San Diego Comic con. Thanks so much for asking. Keep watching the OSM site!!!
What a nice message of inclusion :)
#ThirstyThursday in the loop. Get ready for St. Patrick’s Day with $5 Jameson shots.
You really should! Doors opened at 4, but be sure you get there early, because it'll probably be packed. Hope to see you out!
Are you suprised? ;)
Absolutely. First at #DISH2011, and then online.
What are you up to these days?
this is me replying to your finding me on twitter in under 140 characters.
I know! Haha it's really bad!
Working Non Stop #OnMyGrind to get tees out!! #Dope #fashion is rewarded to those of us who stay #Fresh on a daily basis
So fun seeing your Tweets after meeting at NAIS!
#webwise are you (girls) more likely to engage in engineering activities if you go to a science museum with your dad or your mum?
Lmao...I jus laughed at a tweet I just saw....YEAH RIGHT!!!!
I just finished a 3.22 km run with a time of 21:25 with Nike+ GPS.
As a mother, my job is to take care of what is possible and trust God with the impossible. -Ruth Graham
Thx for all the shout outs already!! The weekend is here!
Watch me, do me
Oh my gosh. Is it 5:00 yet?
Nice! I made it 9 years before I broke down and bought a ring. Need any advice on holding out I got some
Only pointing out the flaws of your child & not congratulating them on their efforts= Low self-esteem.
where you at bro?
i think im going to go to sleep but ima miss my baby , roar; theres always tomorrow to be with him <3 goodnight :D
Difficult 2 nights of sports in DFW ": No f-ing way!"
Wheels down in SEA!
#UrNotFromSouthLondonIf You are from Lower Uncton
Don't do social networking? No skin off your back? Or food off your plate? Depends . . .
EXCELLENT ANSWER to "Who do you aspire to be like?" ;o)
Prom Friday bouta be turnt up
Text to Copboy: I'm already bored. Can I go to work? Copboy: No! Get on that couch and veg out. NOW!
Congrats to for winning a 2011 "Best Of" Award for Marketing Plan from the !
TELL EM LEGENDS WATS UP I'M DWN TO DO A FEATURE SHIT ARE YOU YO FANS N FRIENDS ARE DAMN EITHER FAN OR FRIEND TO ME OR BOTH SO LET'S GET IT
Easily make girls fall in love. Look her in the eyes tell her she's the one you want to grow old with
Good finish to the 1st half Thunder.
Boston put in work today!
I guess you can "learn" from your mistakes when it happens once or maybe twice..but not all the time...it's redundant... ;) xoxo
It'll happen... and more than once I promise that. :P
Trade your expectations for appreciation and your whole world changes in an instant! -
What the heck, I'll play it again tomorrow!
i couldnt you were to "busy"
I cleverly hid the information in an attempt to protect it and found it sometime past midnight.
August 16, 1948 -Babe Ruth dies of throat cancer. He was 53.
Love rep on Leo Garcia 's great CD (get it if u can!) El Gallo y la Perdiz (Still good he didn't put that title literally into English!)
Dear please don't leave without us were on our way!
Like the tweet, Thanks :)
Congress is ruining my productivity at work #TellCongress End Piracy
saving characters!
I've always been too scared to go. You are brave.
Just found a Lizard inside of our house. Looks like we officially have to move.
Cover up ..
#ImHappyWhen I make money
Then say u love somone else smh really.
just followed you on Tumblr :-D great blog!
Yeah. Someone just called me 'one fat ugly bastard' lol. It made me laugh. I may not be skinny, or the best looking. but
Today was god <U+0001F601>
la vie en rose...
still awaiting your first tweet dude.
is this a real goodnight?
My* phone.
Hey , what do you think about a Pink for the ladies?
Happy to be sponsoring #bikenight all year long! Follow to find out what bike night we'll be giving away an iPad!
Welcome to the twitter world!!!
Simple Ways to Knowledgeably Choose a Cycling Bicycle That You Desire
Increased the Awesomeness!
Did I just hear a trader on CNBC actually say if these numbers today are good, buyers will come out of the woodwork? Where has he been?
6pm would work for me :)
IDK TEL ME!
that's a tough sell....making checks cool.....really??
AIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE it's here and has ambushed my FB.....the dreaded...TIME LINE....EGAD!
white noise
just saw this. Thanks girl :)
n'aww RT : Happiest of Birthdays to Ms. ! Hope you have a great day! (Everyone should follow her btw)
CONGRATS to you and Cristina you are certainly blessed!
Come join us at the hideaway in southeast.
hey it's me off of facebook
Thanks for the RT!
how are you guys getting there
This is true....": NEVER DOUBT WHAT GOD CAN DO BC HE IS TRULY AMAZING :)"
One bad comment can fuck mood up so much
You can't spell "Schwarzenegger" without "google
Thinking doesn't always help you change your perspective. You may want to try low-risk experiments. Change behavior, change your lens..
Start a tab w Kenichi to cut your parking tab - valet on Colo St and make purchase to cut valet tab from $8 to $3 - what a deal!
OMG, I was just typing #WeetzieBat! Read Pink Smog this weekend.
Thanks for the re-tweet!
well if we can't get it altered, I think that's what I'm going to have to do! Haha oh well, at least I'd enjoy it
i hate sharing things
looking for my phone...yet again, somebody call my phone-it's lost again! tee-hee happy holidays!
A parrot talks way too much but can<U+FFFD>t fly high but an eagle is silent and has the will power to touch the sky
That was weird, we just had an #earthquake in DC
Republicans win Wisconsin standoff: What happens now?...www.tncnews.com (politics)
OK, good.
but yeeah im bakk can u plse be my manager!!
bout to get some reps and jump fresh.
I am the punishment of God...If you had not committed great sins, God would not have sent a punishment like me upon you
RT : 73% of Parkland's burn patients are men - guys be safe this 4th of July- leave fireworks to the professionals!
The ending of this game is terrific.
superbowl game was good, but i wanted the hot tom brady to be a part in winning! :\
yeah... But the heat felt so god!
thanks :D
Thank you for being in my life drama free people!! been attracting that good energy lately love it!!
1234 how's it going
Found pretty good seats for only $262each for the 1D concert! Hopefully my sis agrees with me <U+0001F625>
This nigga still talkin bout "I Heard This & That"
no problem, I'm following you and wish you lots of happiness and success. Any way I can assist you, let me know :)
Save room for the key lime pie!
The key is to stay yourself .
Monday I have test!!... what EVER!!! LOOL
girl it's easy af to wand hair lol
tell that hoe its a GO on site! we swingin no hesitation!!!!!!!!
It would thunder when i have to take this long ass journey home from school. Damn it I got that umbrella though.
Yoko Miwa Trio performing tonight at 7:30pm start, one set only. Hope to see you there!
Are we gonna see you on Saturday? What time are you coming?
Dont Be Afraid Of Change.Youu May End Up Losing Something Good,But Youu Probably End Up Gaining Something Better {:<U+2665>
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to a pair of awesome people (and my fellow Tauri) and !
Idk when in life I got to be such a bitch but eh I like it lol
thanks, I'll always be having new items rotating through
We are looking fwd to Philanthropy Day! Our Board Pres, VP of RD, Dir of RD, Dir of Marketing, & Grant Writer will be there!
Ugh, no much to do, so little time, and not near enough energy!
Lots of love to all my new (and not so new) followers. Your support is much appreciated. I need to start talking again.
There is nothing worse in the world than thinking you have a chance when you really don't.
Finally watching The Hunger Games! My roommate is letting me third-wheel her date to the movies.
but then you aren't I'm the casino, gaming...
Do all discussions pertaining to spatiality ultimately derive their bases from geometry?
Thanks! I know I looked at Steamtown too....Did you see the too?
I've done it before, although... i may have been a little drunk when I did. :)
You just made my dinner, literally. Thank you!
I'm officially counting the minutes until we get away for the weekend without the kids (nothing personal, kids. I still love you)!
It breaks my heart to read tweets from the apologizing to us fans for the loss. It wasn't pretty, but it has been an amazing season
is not amused by this weather
My fav #snacks when running around: string cheese, almonds, dried apricots, puffins cereal: Put everything in a bag & GO!
Stands to reason that Universities would become far "Whiter" because the HS graduation rate for blacks are headed lower.
a song from the upcoming album is uploaded! together with the info on the project Equinox! check out MySpace!!!
Dearest #fizzyfamily and , I'm so sorry I haven't been on in a while. BUT, I'm back now <3
Listening to intros
Man my stomach hurts >.<
west la, could you have any less character?
just had too return on here
Judging by my '90s wardrobe, I was chock-full of fear and did not have what it took to run with the Big Dogs.
Enjoy a #naturist discount getaway 4 nights $399 visit us
At the
yes ma'am
Nothing like starting off the year strong
you don't follow me so I can't dm
The Generation M Manifesto: You wanted growth, faster. We want to slow down- so we can become better.
#nabshow in #lasvegas Airband offers #wirelessfiber options to Radio stations in any of our 18 markets
Happy Birthday<3 hope you have a good one :D
Reno, where can I find gelatin sheets? Already tried Whole Foods. No luck.
In the hopes of a brighter tomorrow.
Yesterday......all my troubles seemed so far away.................... Now it looks as if it's here to stay....... Oh I believe in yesterday.
I need a good DruMmEr already.it's been a good fifteen years (Bolt)?
Twitter....are you ever going to fix my mentions?
Don't You Want Me Baby? If you're in the market for PR Solutions....Elton's your answer.
Not that it's any of yall's business but I have a parasitic twin growing out of my stomach
SEC dominance. Football - Alabama, Basketball - Kentucky!
My NYU buddy Corey always goes to that. You gotta look him up. More about that later.
I need knee pads for Volley Ball, and Graduation balloon and ish.
Best thing that happened today - Lil's first time to fly a kite.
I would say Monday ? (: be there or be circle! <U+0001F602> I'm so funny
Wii fencing should be a sport!!! :D
gettin my new tv today so happy!
Pens v criers at noon with $2 miller lite bottles during game. $2 ic light bottles all day long
I'm convinced that the bassist is the one member of a band who doesn't get laid
when did you start tweeting in english?!??!
A fiction writer could mot have penned a more bitingly cliche nickname for a trader who lost billions of company money.
word! Loved her outfits in pretty girl rock though!
15-yr old multi-talented & multi-award winning teen prodigy & entrepreneur is the CEO/Founder of R/T
If you love something set it free
Big #FF shout to other #movie peeps
Oh ok. Well that's cool too
Sometimes it's so hard to let go of a loved one that we find ways to keep them alive within us.
I'm sure It won't be the last lol. Oh and don't forget candy!!!dude now I'm hungry :/ lol
Catch us if you can with the hood down on this <U+2600>sunny day ! <U+0001F525><U+2728><U+270C><U+0001F4A8><U+0001F4A8><U+0001F602>
Dat funny. You should eat sum my cookies.
For Qs coming in about how the Trending Index is computed. A: TI is based on combined activity level (views, buys, likes & reviews).
" In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have,and the decisions we waited too long to make
if only i could greet life's typos & misspeaks with the same manner of nonchalance and indifference i display regarding my dirty-ass hair.
Things I've learned in the past month: disappointments can most definitely be the biggest blessings in disguise.
with your brand and personality, you are crazy if you don't!!
Md approves gay marriage, Va. looks to declare a fetus a person. Crazy how border states can differ so much.
Great day today(: hopefully the rest goes good(:
Lemon basal thyme gingr chicken, lemon honey butter balsamic glaze petit red potatoes n broccoli parmesean parsley roasted
Goodbye night couldn't be more fun!!!!!!
Why do people always have remarks to make about young people being pregnant! Shut the fuck up, it doesn't concern you so go do one.
So, now that it's over, what was your favorite part of the Show Me Music and Arts Festival?
Not safe: Access Facebook, Yelp And Google From Car’s Dashboard
“: Friends knock on your door. Best friends walk into your house and start eating.”
fire at mission valencia seems to be contained, apparently it was in the Lotus Garden building. wish it were Burger King that had gone down
RIP My Yagga TOY !
Hey text me your number I got a new phone.
I am so incredibly blessed to live in Nashville and work with the best. I'm very thankful.
did all 3 putts go in?
Look for breeders via AKC. Pls don't buy from advertisers or in store-breeders that advertise are not reputable. Good luck!
You know, if people focused more on their own fricking lives there would be a lot less strife! PS 2 months and change!!!
Yeah! “: RT : "#Paidsickdays will be an asset to our city..." Jean Godden () ”
Need to drink about a gallon of water.
Well it's Thursday, it's kind of #mayday and #cincodemayo. Who's thirsty?
“ “ T R A Y V O N | M A R T I N | Happy birthday , RT Everyone show some Respect !””
we'll come to Utah eventually. In the meantime, tell ALL your friends to follow us ;) We gotta have a big crowd when we come!
How's lacrosse camp going?
DONT EVER ASK ME A QUESTION , THEN GIVE ME MY ANSWER!
we r done with that other party that was there...back to normal now throw that tweet out as i sent it to ya
is on the world's slowest internet connection in a cafe in Kampala, Uganda. But the coffee here... oh the coffee in Africa!
don't forget to follow homie...
A walk/run of Fryman to start the day? Yes please.
your welcome! Do you know if #amw got any good leads or tips?
Wow. Hardcore. Just saw an old man check his blood sugar sitting at the bar.
CU students just found out that school had a basketball team last week. Very impressive turnout and showing.
"Reflections on Play, Pedagogy, and World of Warcraft" - from new quarterly
Love the view of NYC from the plane!
i dont feel like you care anymore
Poster is not original author of the quote removed from this post. User is under investigation for possible violation of copyright law.
#Brewers lose. Final score: 1-3.
yo I got a babymomma & 1000. twitter-boo's on twitter but no twifey yet tho so I can't talk lol
pathetic game!!!
OK got it lol
What a romantic idea. Love it. : HTML is the DNA of the web. via
That's funny. My ny friends all seem to be complaining about the soupy weather today.
NEWBURY STREET: Who's got Beantown fever?! We do and we're serving up brand new BOSTON CREAM PIE frozen yogurt to celebrate!
How Are you? Enjoying the weather in Miami yet?
You don't like them disses, give my ass some kisses (:
I wonder how is doing?
lol yeah I move jobs quickly but not that fast. I just got off not too long ago.
I didn't get to get that cornbread from Carolina's Kitchen. <U+0001F614>
oh well in that case, get working! :P haha
MLK, Jr. day-- you off work? what are you doing? Let us know and we'll give you a shout on our 4:30am newscast
ORIOLES MAGIC......FEEL IT HAPPEN!!!
Happy Friday! Just a reminder for Tampa Bay Times NIE teachers: Today is the last day of print deliveries for the 2011-2012 school year.
Don't they have "vapor-wear" for that?
If you're not doing anything to better your situation then stop fucking complaining about it.
Look out ya'll, just ripped 40!
JUSTICE for #KELLYTHOMAS NOW!! STOP #HATE CRIME AND cops who MURDER #homelesshumans ! praying 4 u Thomas family! -john
TONIGHT! Does Public Sex Matter? Petite Mort Q&A with Carlos Motta & Billy Miller 6-8pm.
I saw your bro on Saturday he was hilarious
OMG...you are so wrong flunking that man! Maybe he can come to NIH and help this sista out!
yea i just been crazy busy bro and havent had a chance to check it out
Oh, good, you sing, too?
Yes. I am.
Good grief you're not kidding. It's like someone turned on the sleepy/sneezy factory here and painted every car yellow!
Simba was walking too slow, so I told him to Mufasa
um.. and performing together on the #CMTAwards! Whhaaaaaat?! #thatscrazy but kinda #awesome!
WUD IT DO
has been in Congress since 1976 and has introduced over 600 bills and only 1 has been passed?? That's only 1 more than me!!
Need to charge my phone soon
Maybe? Maybe not!
Had 4 great Christmas Eve Services today ~ Shopping done ~ family in town... Chilling out all day Christmas ahead :-)
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.~Richard Bach
Should have done a pool on the ETA of the donation email related to Obama's big announcement.
Watched Final Destination 5 yesterday with 7 girls and I was the only one screaming.
Legal records professionals needed for opportunity in large firm in San Diego! Please email me at !
You know how smart your friends think you are when you get 44/50 on a test and thinks you got 44% lol
thanks so much for the follow! If you ever need a mattress or anything furniture related you now have a Mattrezzz Guy!!!
please everyone go follow he is so nice and he would really appreciate if you were his 1000 follower. do it....... NOW
starting the week with welcoming our newest followers , , , , &
My mom was telling me all the things she does for her seminary class. She's so embarrassing and adorable and hilarious xD
Three secrets to a successful SEO strategy are: 1. knowing what to do internally 2. knowing what to outsource 3. knowing who to outsource to
That awkward moment when your sarcasm is so advanced people actually think you are stupid.
I want to watch The Lucky One but then I'll fall in love with Zac Efron & then I'll be depressed the rest of life since I can't marry him.
i just watched SNL again bcuz i fell asleep last night during the show...
“: Loving the app!! Listening to my brother at work this morning.”
The truth is, we are not afraid of being in love. We are only afraid of not being loved in return.
Stanford has completely feel apart!! Wow
Who's getting the new IPAD
Today's BTU inspiration: "The mystery of life is not a problem to be solved but a reality to be experienced. ~Art Van Der Leeuw
Ya know...there's someone that shits on Detroit every time they out here...2 damn bad I'm in business I'm in or I'd respond to their tweet
You gotta know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em. -Guy playing poker, giving advice
where you guys goin this time??
And thanks to & for the added awesomeness @ our show last night.
yeah that's mee (;
9 more days, '11 Field of Dreams! This year's presenting sponsors : , , & Thx!
Te amo gud night have to wake up early 2mm love ya :*
"Ventrus expects to release Phase 3 data due by May 15th, 2012 from Phase 3 European trial of VEN 307 for anal fissures."
its my friends bday and i dont have $15 to get halo reach for him ah this sucks
Just cause a woman fine dont mean she worth shit.
will your music be released here in America too?
Asked wife if detergent was on grocery list. She said it was in her head. Classic brainwashing.
do you have any socks to wear?
And lo, chunks of frozen water began falling from the very skies!
Some outrageous John Travolta stories on the #edge today...
watching Daily Show from last night - you're famous!!
"Rensselaer County, seeks individual for Library Director.This is a part-time position that will be scheduled to work 22 hours per week"...
is speaking the TRUTH
Special treat tomorrow! We're breakin out the mimosa bar :)
Its not ok to belittle someone just because your mad
Working on dialing in the #social and website deal. My day dreams are of a #Sprinter and a few #bikes rolling through #Utah this fall.
Tonight is going down @ Cafe 787 6019 West Fullerton On the decks dj and
Troubled that tea is the fourth ingredient of the botted green tea I had with lunch.
What a day
Dude I only have at most 100. That's nuts
Hello and happy stalking ...
new emoji 2 ! It's a doll
even if i wanted to stop making music i couldnt
Please pass along my best wishes to Sylvia.
man growing a beard is so damn hard lol
appreciate it friend!
will you sign the petition asking Congress to declare Sept. Nat'l Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month? bit.ly/qk4zJa
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "You're a vegetarian? Well, I know a great seafood place!"
Call me maybe is stuck in my head. Shit
Who's your favorite video vixen?
thanks for the mention!
Here with at this event
good! It'll be sometime this summer :)
All this talk about #Geordieshore makes me wish I was in the UK :0( At least I can catch it online!
I asked you to give me space and you didn't. I asked you to not smother me and you did.
ok later
Our set at Shop tomorrow will consist of 7 slightly varied covers of "The Thong Song." Hope you enjoy.
"It doesn't get easier, you just get faster." — Greg LeMond, 3-time Tour de France winner. Also applies to startups.
ya basically. Fuckin stupid..
Wat you Got Goin On , Got Anything To Work On Right Now ?
Stick Vacuums amp Electric Brooms SALEEureka 3670G Mighty- electric brooms
I can't imagine how annoying it must be to hear him say your last name
do you want uptown or lakeside?
A student (of japaneseheritage) just boastfully proclaimed to another student that Japan has a literary rate near 100 percent.
RT I seriously fall in love with Canon EOS 1100D :)
So, what's the best #twitter #app for #android? Plume crapped out on me so I'm giving tweercaster a try.
Click bang bang to ya mother fukin head
#thingswedoatthemovies sit all the way in the back so that you can text and cant nobody complain about the light from your phone
In the decades since our practice was established in 1920, Prince George's County has grown in population and complexity.
Just remembered to eat lunch.
It's unusual to discover a business partner who is selfless. If you are lucky it happens once in a life-time.
The best way to deal with the BS at work is to do legs til I get cripple and have to crawl home!
Began my spring semester with a horrendous hour-and-a-half commute.
Watching a Taco Bell commercial makes me wish there was one 15 feet from my house.
: Quitters stop when they R tired. WINNERS stop when they're FINISHED! What's it gonna be? #Motivation #winning"
chillin wit sosa he ah real nigga
with how slow work is, i shouldve pregamed it
Won't last, back it/photos up ASAP.
So very welcome!
DA PITBULL IS IN DA HOUSE is trending worldwide?!?!?!
Big happy birthday to our man !!!
Can the #Bobcats avoid the worst winning % in #NBA history with a win over the #Knicks tonight? Sims say just a 36% chance of doing so.
I have a strong desire for Pita Jungle.
What the world really needs now is a Farsi translation of Amazing Grace and Chuck.
Congratulations on your victory last night. What a battle
funny you thought same thing I did.. didnt realize she um uh blew up lol
By the way, I'm really glad to know there's someone else that thought that book was just a little nutty. :)
Anti-jokes are the best
Just be a follower. All Random.
okay, TEXT ME lol
Im In The Hov Lane ...
The dude asked why there are leaf pieces in the bathtub. When I explained they were from my new soap he looked thoroughly confused!
Constance: "But now there are no more virgin plots. We live on top of each other. That's California now... and that's the world."
#TeamAxeMenBondingTime was great. It was a perfect night. Gotta do this more often
Latin Perspective, Latin Jazz Hour can be heard around the Globe, every Saturday from 8 -9 am (Eastern Standard Time) at www.erieradio.com
Apparently, the death penalty is intended to prevent people from giving their kids the same names as criminals...
#confessionnight - I love ; THERE I SAID IT ! haha ;3
I love you more.
i go to the one RIGHT in front of john jay. called Texas Driving School. it's pretty cheap. it's EASY.
I love working with , what a kind and inspiring man. I'm so sad this project has come to a close but it was a great success.
yea get bit by a snake nd die okay lol
Goodnight twitter ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Funny you should say that. I'm meeting a few rep-exes, Armijo and Ketchum, at Paradise Bakery there tomorrow.
Lol everybody mad on my TL
Congratulations to ! Makin' moves... literally.
Check the Occupation Outlook Handbook? I use it for a lot of job-related research.
Game time in a hour
No classes today...start studying for those finals!
The richest yet lightest French toast take I've had in a while Carmelized toast with yogurt ice cream and berries
Who will love you? Who will fight? Who will fall far behind? ( at )
Claire Diaz Ortiz will be signing her books from 10:15-11 at the Jossey-Bass booth-- we're #1112. Bring your copy or buy one here!
Jesus fucking Christ I wish I could fucking drink at work... Everyday a goddamn fuckup adventure. <U+E416><U+E113><U+E421><U+E155>
#SmackDown can't wait
that Rwanda pour over was pretty good
I'm moving to where I'll transition from fitting in to standing out.
Off to the house again.
Morning People!
I can't believe youre gone :( why did everyone have to be so good this year !?
#Draping was fun for, like, a second.
Did you know that Saturday is National Platypus Day? Agent P is in the house this Friday!! Learn the Platypus Walk before the show!
Tony,wasnt meant to be,but sure would be nice my Brother to have you in the Mix with this new Oline in Steeler Nation.
Currently reading up on the Research Works Act - has ALA/SLA/ARL taken any action on this yet?
Shocked to hear about Paterno but at the same time; No one should be ignoring sexual abuse, that's the same thing as saying you don't care.
Lets party.
“: I am mostly on the #KU side because of Blame him” you reek of denial.
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch. – Jim Rohn
AlabamaFollower So I just found this website to grab a grocery #coupons. All you need is an email
TORNADO WARNING: ADAMS, SCIOTO, LAWRENCE, GALLIA COUNTIES
right LOL we already had this convo before its all good I am to lowkey we can tease each other
Outreagous Records Stank Productions need you to HELP !!! us gain Meech Dogg more fans tell someone Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube
aw thats the best picture made my evening
You ignorin my tweets..
I've missed 3 race days in a row. I'm having #NASCAR withdrawals...
RT Idk y i even trip on u simple ass niggas
oh, certainly not. just talking about my own plans and scholarly role models.
Congratulations to former Blast intern Angie and her husband Bobby on the birth of their daughter!!
TYVM for the #SO Have a great #Sunday!
Well I have no one I look up to in the Entertainment industry following me either - Eh C'est la vie - All in due time!
Two more followers until 700!
Hope this is a great weekend for you !
that life
Thanks for posting this Brent! I can see a lot of time spent with this. And they have a Diamond Head tune, Sweet!
This is going to make for one Hell of a locked up abroad episode!
OPEN YOUR EYES, even if the sunlight hurts.
WOW I HATE WHEN PEOPLE ASSUME I LIKE SWS BECAUSE KELLIN IS CUTE NO YOU'RE DUMB
I gotta taste for cookout
I'm the girl that falls alseep thinking about you just to wake up to another day of missing you.
how did you get RIFFY to add you
What are everyone's plans for this weekend?! We are getting things in place for you around the clock! Share with us :)
Im seriously So nervouse
yahoo!! Latch away!!!
I was just wondering if you knew what day or even month the update for the #NTC app is coming this summer? (Sorry! I'm excited!)
ya I feel u
I'm home now btw. Thanks, mom! ;p
Looking forward to seeing #Jaimoe tonight at the Gramercy Theater with his Jasssz Band!
gets all the bitches jealous, lol i love you. fuck bitches
Up for a morning run. New blog post on my disaster with Internet dating www.kayblog.com
Damn, you put me in a bad mood.
Long day at Salem State for Regionals. Double session as a spectator.
DJ R at Crown Bar tonight. Top 40 Hip Hop & Electro. 7321 Santa Monica blvd. W Hollywood. 10pm to 2am. No cover all night!
One rack for the 11 inch Macbook Air -- very austere-looking piece of machinery. Should I do it??
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!!
RIP Vaclav Havel. "The only lost cause is one we give up on before we enter the struggle"
#nascar # californiacostumes #jeffgordon Caraviello: Daytona pothole legacy lives on as Kansas set to repave Pat Warren walked into the m
dosen;t hat p#ss you off
When's the party? It's Monday, I need something to look forward too! Happy Birthday WM!
Yeah, the Internet. My son keeps telling me it's a tool that I should use.
OOPS! We had a mistake on our website. Region 7 AOSII panel is Thursday May 5th and AOSI panel is Friday May 6th.
guys, follow me i follow back
Awww...who else would we pick? :)
I'm thinking about getting Tweetgram just so I can make a Tweetgram saying "FUCK TWEETGRAM!"
Heading to Tulsa for the Tulsa International Film Festival
I have ideas about a short doc series.
Gahhh. May 11th, most important day but yet..most depressing. :/
boy on your lips!!! Where else
Thanks LaTonya. How many of them 6-5 215? Has Travis run yet? Go Canes!
Why were starships meant to fly?
lol quiet clown so are Lebron fans
There isn't much I have to say, that I wouldn't rather just shut up and do....
Ancient pimps of Babylonia had: A chief queen and various concubines. Pimping has been on a downward spiral since then
#StrangeClouds is the only thing i've been listening to for the past 3 days.
IM FRUSTRATED
we only got one more day of testing
translated, when my friends send me texts in characters, I either don't receive the text, or receive a random letters/numbers
just got ur vm. on my way to #novacowork now. you there today? if not, i'll give you a call.
Thanks for the follow cutie (:
oh my god this is so easy . My windows phone is actually faster then all of yourz. Weird
Give me an eargasm.
Want to "monkey around" in Baton Rouge this wknd? Check out Cat McCarthy's Wkshps Sat. & Sun.
The new FEVERSHOT myspace is up! POP BOOM POW video and track will be up soon! www.myspace.com/fevershot
RT paul-brian mcinerney: no one is atheoretical, everyone has theoretical assumptions. even engineers
I can only be mad at myself.
Thank you so much social media rock star for the tweet love about our blanket needs!
well my nap was nice but I may have possibly slept through my dance class
Got my itinerary for my trip to Pakistan! 4 weeks with the navy and a month Pakistan, will be flying a lot this summer!
Pringles: Crack in a can
yes I did follow
that's awesome dude! thanks for giving us a chance :)
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms. On behalf of kids everywhere, I'm sorry for the hell you went through to push us out that slip 'n slide.
;) love you both! Always & Forever <3
Life flows from God, it flows from God -Charlie Hall-
What kind of action can we bet that he doesnt take it down? Lol
WMYB on the radio:)
Funkasaurus!!! BEST THING EVER!!!!!
Oh no. The Thunder is thundering in Dallas. Making chumps of champs.
is checking out the Wendy Williams show...this should be interesting...
Thank You. Love the Fans
So proud and honored to be a speaker for #LA especially since I'm meeting so many amazing women
My cat high fives me.
it'd be dose...not does...just saying
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, following you too! LOVE WA Wines!
I'm sorry. Hope the photo helped some.
very nice
Hahahaha DO IT.
The Lions are really doing well in free agency. Probably the most aggressive team so far this off-season.
I LUV JUSTIN BIEBER!
Any Hollywood adaptation of an Asian film is the equivalent of Michael Bay adapting anything.
RT IF YOU THINK PURPLE IS THE COLOR!
oh I LOVED don't go away mad...mostly because Becky Biles loved it, though cc
girls in their 20s always invite themselves ;-)
Sometimes I think I'll never find true love on the other side of that glory hole!
GoldenGlobes Spoilers:1-Free spray tans on the way in?Lots of orangey people. 2-Way too many boob-crushing non-flattering strapless dresses.
Can't wait till next friday! :)
playing a De La Buena version of a tune on = best start to the afternoon.
Thank you for the Pinterest invitation! To share the kindness, if anyone else wants an invite, just let me know!
#OhioState basketball team leaves Wed. for New Orleans. Will bus from High and Woodruff to High and West 11th on way to airport @ 5:15-5:30
Friday night - the Gradylady - a Super Sized PSYCH Premier - and closing in on a month at AxD. Life is good.....
A 3:45am wake-up call is surprisingly more bearable when new travel is on the horizon.
definitely but I have seen him and the btch mess w e.o before we went out, I dont think he's lying
Happy mother's day sweetheart! I love you!!!
I've always thought that a "sailor" would have been an obvious choice for one of the Village People. Not butch enough?
I kinda want to start a collab Minecraft channel.
Where? At Anodyne.
I Wanna Fall In Love...... Love This Song
adding drinking wine around a fire to my list of favorite things to do
Watch at 6p 2nite talks to 2 cousins looking to shed the lbs with the Makeover!
I agree!! only thing better is a hotel in the tropics..
For the best weight loss results, exercise is a must. It will also make you feel great and think more clearly.
I don't understand why some people don't like the movie Troy.. It's so damn good !!! #bradpitt #
RT if you’re excited to grow #tomatoes in your garden this summer!
Get you facts first, and then you can distort 'em as much as you please. Mark Twain
when are we laying out ? :)
i like her alot
We're back on Top of the Twin Cities this morning on Sunrise.. at the Foshay Tower. Use #topoftc to let us know what you think!
I went to the gym this morning then meditated, what a wonderful way to start my week!
Getting ready to do remote support for two clients while attempting to get a sound card working in a Sony Vaio.
Holding a grudge against someone is like allowing them to live rent-free in your head.
things are going all right, just focusing on my next job and school.....keep me in mind if you hear anything out there
Basketball 101: A good shot in any offense is one that has been practiced over and over and over...
Ha!-->RT : But u can get a free iPhone 4. ;) RT : Gave up on the #smbmad Twitter search. Darn Twitter spam!
umm wouldn't that make them then repubs? Then why have Democrats? Personally I don't want to be insane, repressed, & evil.
no, hes not my babe! Harry is <3 haha
Gotcha Gotcha Gotcha*
listening to the demos of the new album and getting excited about polishing it up.
Robert Kiyosaki Explains the Power of the Perfect Business
Hopefully the African American History Museum will pick this up.
I did not know taio cruz is british!!!!!
Stay still by blessthefall is very soothing to me right now...
Awww...such a great place, right? Word on the street is that you might be heading this way....if so, I want to see you. :-)
stay up.
An exclusive interview with the Sexual Disaster Quartet, live at The Comet in Northside -- thejazzhalf.com/podcasts/sdqinterview.mp3
Good Mornin Guys!!.
#ImportantQuestion Twitter could become your worst friend when you’re drunk. Has anyone ever tweeted anything embarrassing?
it's all good
I texted him to do it when he wakes up and he replied fast so he's probably up
Truly great friends are hard to find, difficult to leave and impossible to forget. -- WizKhalllifa ()
Break a Leg Talent Management "Want to Become an Actor" Seminar - Charlotte, NC May 7 - Register NOW - www.breakalegtalent.com - C U There!
Trying to make a way out of no way is sometimes the only way.
#oomf better recognize what time it is. Its #Laketime around these parts
Gave the pilot version of the BELT-3 all day...3 year olds are so cute!
crowd support must've worked as Timmy gets Ramirez on soft, sinking liner to LF; still 3-0 MIL, but SF has hint of momentum after the escape
Happy Pi Day!! Celebrate by eating pie or calculating numbers.....3.1415926535 8979323846...whatever you prefer. :)
Today must be the day all my friends call by mistake. Sulk. Maybe I'll change my name to Zanthoula.
Next destination: npark, then american airlines center
Nothing like your email program crashing just as you're preparing to send an important message
#FirstTime... pretty sure my mom bribed me as a child as a reward for getting shots!
Do you have any specific tips on building your resume or CV?
RT would eagles take a chance on Jenkins or go safer with Boykins or Heyward?>> Can see them taking more chances outside 1st round
Congrats to our friends with the Timberwolves. The stadium bill includes funding for a much-needed Target Center remodeling.
I am tired of a "focus on the bad things" model of justifying digital citizenship lessons.
Damn, I took a nap earlier now I'm gonna be up all night. Greeeeeaaaaaatttttt
pizza king was great recommendation
That's the play this offense needs to get going, time to turn this offense around this year...right now!
SO cute!!! I'm loving her sandals!! I want some!! ;)
That didn't go well....
Whoo hoo! All day date with the same really nice guy! Omg! omg omg!
Need a new year's resolution....
Financial services and pharma industries are embracing procurement. Main drivers.
Today work was like being a slave.. I hate the field!!!
Maybe more salary cap restrictions, like the ones implemented in this past CBA
shot you a PM about some spam I found in the wiki
I guess 35 is taken, so I'll take Will Venable's number, whatever that is.
New topic - Olympus Space Kit price
State Dock is a few weeks away, and we are SO EXCITED!!!!!
honestly you and the rest have to stop with these ridiculous offers. Its making me angry now
red potatoes huh lol i see u
after rocking all 3 EPs today, realized has a full length out!
oh so i AM following you
In Cgo with colleagues to strengthen public schools. RT Don Shalvey lauding Districts and charters working together.
‘11 #NFL Draft will be heavily marketed by brands as it might be a while before they can leverage the NFL. #Under Armour, #Subway underway.
I can't go a whole day w/o somebody thinking they know me. I guess I have that familiar face ;)
Niall kissed me while riding the Ferris Wheel <3
i was just amazed when you just came up and started talking to me at camp. and then took a pic with me
freedom is american for complacency.
i have two jobs now
can we climb mt everest??
Congrats to the guys behind The Weatherman for raising the money on Mobcaster to make the show!
Funny, nothing in my ministry seems to have changed today even though guaranteed appts r gone it's not about the job, it's about the Kingdom
Happy birthday !! You are an amazing amazing person :) I hope you have a great birthday!! :) Love,
That's one gift we don't care to be unwrapped.
Dam I need to do AbRipperX again
You know you want me, baby!
#HeresToTheMindlessGirls who be trynna hate on people who are close with MB,
Um. LOVING this Swamp People show.
cause it plain ^^
Yeah your right it doesn't.. I always end up being even wierder then when I started to pretend to be normal...
My favorite quote so far today: The most sweet hearted people are the most mistreated people.
wow boys are awesomee!:D
"Instruments make our music, music tells our story". People share music..and want to feel connected to it.
Community based shopping in full swing today -- 7916 SE Foster -- new | used | original -- until 7 PM today, 11-5 tomorrow. Check us out!
an accent or can portray a Flemish/Dutch person/ 500 /day Audish Thursday shoot 5/3rd-5th. email
Wasting barral's tape>>>>>>>
With the Brewers on the west coast tonight the game doesn't start till late, just in time for Late Night Happy Hour with Chaundra!
will need to keep in mind that cars don't like swimming. Looking to be a lentils and rice month.
Train rides lolololo
True this :O ": why do people edit pictures of ICONic Boyz? Why edit something that's already perfection??"
sharon needles
Night of Worship on FRIDAY OCTOBER 14! 7:30pm at Christ For The Nations Institute!
Six months later and finally making the long-awaited chalkboards. Thankful my kids are patient.
oh god, I don't even want to imagine that
Sitting in office talking comps with Good conversation.
Great article. That is why I recommend hosted QuickBook solutions such as
It's super obvious that if you put that you're edge in your bio more people will like you.
Our resolution for the year is to offer another year of amazing productions! Happy New Year's Banananimanics!
dude you should've competed again, would've been great to have a vet on the UT team!
Just got done rehearsing , now im at home watchin
didn't need it...had to keep my golden brown hue
Omg!!! I saw a commercial last night thought it was joke, what is it?? Did they shave you? RT : I'm at The Mens Club Shear Ego
My mom needs to cut my hair and stuff .-.
L have to get my glasses tomorrow +u guys are so bOring
Good to see the Harris brother back with the fleet last night.
We LOVE our twitter and fb fans!! Suggest us to YOUR friends and take advantage of our big sale next week. Details to follow. BE CHOOSEY!!
Check out the new Reshape travel blog at: www.reshapethenation.com/blog/ Be prepared when traveling on holiday!
Hooray for the Innovative Interfaces help desk! Thanks to them I'm back in business
Awaiting the arrival of one of my faves....and DONUTS!
Beckett could've just gone and worn a hat. I feel cheated.
#ireallymiss being on the basketball team
It makes me happy to know has my back, in that she will stab my enemies in the back.
My former Healthwatch colleague is both a foreign policy guy and, starting Monday, a foreign-policy guy. Follow him!
Government figures show around 400'000 pupils have been consistently absent from schools in England in the past ..
Believe (in yourself)
Just sitting in the car and a spider decides to make a web all over me without me noticing!!
We are stuck here in the Super 8 motel till Freightliner figures out why the truck caught on fire. Just what we need. Stuck in motel hell
": studio went UH-MAZ-ING!!! Haha SO excited for you to hear!! U rock my socks off!" Ur a Nashville rockstar now
We are taking on Wells Fargo and its poverty level jobs, Wednesday, the 25th at 3:30! Greater Bethel AME Church, 245 NW 8th St.
Thanks for following! Have a wonderful weekend! :)
CSU impressive in the first half against Murray St. Dig the dude on Murray with the fro! LOL
This is nuts!!!!
I just puppet warped a pen.
Yeah, my last tweet was a effect of the fact that I'm gonna be in the hospital tonight and tomorrow. :P
Damn this Popsicle good<U+0001F44D>
A2: In your closing, without being too abrupt, politely offer your business card.
RT Sometimes college grad students need extra money, maybe can find to edit for reasonable fee after you've tried free help
what's good with cha?
Its so annoying that this happened. Everyone was so pumped :(
thanks for the follow. Check out our tunes! W.youtube .com/atlonglastbandokc some of our opens for Greyson on there too!
I saw it! Unless I'm hallucinating. <U+0001F609> Tell me if you see this tweet. <U+2764><U+0001F499><U+0001F49B><U+0001F49C><U+0001F49A>
Just found out that my #Swiffer cowgirl costume has been nominated for a guild award!! Yeehaw!
I'm a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I'm perfect.
thanks again
29% of americans consider themselves not aligned with any particular political party.
I need him :)
that is so gross!!!
Everyone deserves to be with somebody that makes you happy. Someone who will always be there for you.
If only we all had our own turtle mascots.
#sales "tips" and "techniques" are useless without the correct mental/emotional foundation. Can't build the roof first. #psychology baby.
Late start plus break ones tomorrow, my schedule is better then yours.
Twitter is adding right to left languages to their translation center this spring beginning with Arabic, Farsi and Hebrew.
the old guy that wants to bone just walked into my plato class..........
On this day in 1864 the CSA government ordered that 1/2 of the freight capacity of all ships had to be reserved for government shipments.
OMG a Spam Subway sandwich sounds awesome! Ono!
Get 30% off your purchase at Vitamin World! Hurry in before it's too late, pick up your coupon at the concierge desk today.
Lakers Bout To Blow Out The Hornets..
idk lol i just woke up hahaha and am watching amanda palmer live
I will.
Our breath is a direct reflection of our state of mind.
Rule #4: know the costs.
Going to the May 25th game at Target Field, because who doesn't love fireworks?
RT Just confirmed my tix for tribute to Ray Charles on 3/25. So excited. I love the Arts in my city!
Seating in the back of the class where there is a plug to charge ur phone is the best thing about school xD
Would you like a sample chapter of Rocket Risks? I am making a PDF of the "Challenges" chapter available for free. Reply or DM for your copy
today's scones are off the hook!
I officially trust no one.
The happiest people don’t necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything. - SAM CAWTHORN
: Never trust a person who says, "yeah, you can trust me"
Crowd gathering in Dewey Sq for the #Verigreedy march. It's a beautiful day for democracy!
Fuck it. I gonna be a Fucking lesbian.
Movie review: The funny, profane and brutally violent hockey comedy &#39;Goon&#39; lights the lamp
Estrada's pitch count is only 59. Weird move sending him up with bases loaded in the 6th, but had to be done.
The MeetBall'z
keep making triathlete reports awesome.
Holliday Escapades .... anyone want to share!!!
I'm working on getting to paid vacation....
Thanks for the RT and yes its true! Engagement differs b/w universities though~ some are doing a great but others could improve
I did
It's a game I've yet to win but I'm still all in.
happy thanksgiving!!
really? What time is it where you are?
Thanks for all the #RTs and #FFs!
And the winner is...Patron Saint in round 2 of #HardRockRising - four more bands next Thursday for final spot in finals on 3/29
Really psyched for Prometheus. Perhaps a #gwj screening is in order?
Dobson's is the perfect spot to enjoy dinner before a show, or drinks after. Downtown San Diego, next to Horton Plaza.
aw well yea I'm excited and its on my birthday :D
u know jus how to brighten my day!
my new favorite YouTube video? I AM A LADYBUG~
Yes! It's the weekend. What?
Good game between sixers and celtics
Color can help simplify the story - Mark Allen
she realise thats a good drive?
Things happen crystal besides you know that he cares and also where he works so calm down and get out of the heat
I have something in mt eye and it is really bothering me.
Still cant believe was here in albuquerque last night! ;D
Teeing up the Active.com event feed...
*squeezez u all ryte back* RT : hey gals *group hug* love you my vamp sistas *squeezes tyt*
Want a refreshing cooling mini-facelift!? Freeze cubes of apple juice & pass over ur skin.The malic acid is an anti aging alphahydroxy acid!
NUGGETS MUST BEAT THE ZEBRAS
Just hAd a dream that slept with 2 obese gay men to help spread equality - puke!
I miss you #YOLO Thursday?
#Idol I have no clue on who is getting booted tonight. I like Phillip best.
Patrick Swayze's first professional gig was as Cinderella’s Prince Charming in Disneyland parades.
Does anyone actually like paper.li? It's automatically generated, right? Just feels like spam to me.
Louis Ass Thing...LOLOLOL :)
how was dinner? Whats the plan for Memorial Weekend for you?
Just looking at the box score and am mildly amused the opposing pitcher was the one to get the hit against Matt Cain. Ah those pitcher hits!
I know how you feel Bill. It's a whole new bag.
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1 plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate 4 Cleveland Clerk of Courts
Chavez shave your mustache
ATTN: THE OSCARS HAVE OFFICIALLY BECOME THE HUGOS. SPREAD THE WORD.
“: Titans meeting with Peyton Manning...” he did go to University of Tennessee
If I win I'll put on my ray bans & slide down the W hallway sipping it in my socks! RT: Vote 4 "Whiskey Business"! tinyurl.com/3z3aokt
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die
Wow! Thank You so much! :)
am I "young" enough? ;)
Is slowly slowly coming out the cave of obscurity
Absolutely incredible finish to EPL season
Just heard about the EYBL for Texas Pro, Congrats!
How does a museum's social media personality impact your experience of visiting the museum?
Too freaking early
good for them! Thx for the info.
Get with it or get flown over
I know it's hard to find someone like you, but I hope you know it's hard to find someone like me too.
Who's is rocking next
Bring it on! :) RT : is everyone ready for week two?
its supposed to be windy
I'm doing well! How are things with you? Did you start your fall semester yet?
Lost in LA, a teen novel about a girl dealing with Inattentive ADD while trying to survive the rigors of school and the mean girls
A quitter never wins but a winner never quits be the winner at all times. Happy Sunday :)
In Speakeasy Kaberet for Chico Mann. A whole different, more diverse #sxsw crowd. Great groove!
Have you seen the new dewittlaw.com? Let us know what you think
I can have other friends... #justlettingyouknow. You do.
Happy spring break ! Did you know that 62 % CO fourth graders test below grade level on nat'l tests for reading? Read this week w/a child!
:( well lemme know
Why did I even say anything in the first place? I shoulda left it alone.
#milblogcon blogging it up!
I was saying your better then joe. You can't be mentioned in the same sentence as me yet. Maybe one day but I doubt it
I hope your book is a huge success!
you will ride life straight to perfect laughter, its the only good fight there is.
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 5
Your videos are the best! Thank you so much.
hahahahaaha if you keep it up, i might have too!!! its not like your giving a speech, what are you so nervous about? DO IT DO IT
yes sir
I'm watching that right now too!! Haha farm boy strippers...
Lol.. says rappers should be able to use "making it rain" as a tax write off
Happy 175th Birthday Chicago!!!
I'm thinking Rivera.
you too :D
Mountain Lions stop the Nighthawks, will take over at its own 20 after a punt.
Woot off today :)
Well, ladies. I do believe sums up what I've learned from you all.
Does Birdman on the Nugs have a twitter?
My shoulder already hurts...
Thanks buddy! I'm always ready to
At this point Coach Pop is only playing Timmy for some good minutes, other than that this game is over!
or the classes in the valley or in la. and how much?
Just finished reading Friends Like Us by Lauren Fox. Looking forward to meeting her at the end of the month.
the rules are so complicated!
: I am a journalist who covers beauty and health. I would love to talk, re: M.A.C. Glitter and Ice. Best,
Ok now tell somebody how u really feel about em 2day
ok lazy 's b-day is 12/19/72.So basically same time when I was young & watching.So mayB U R the old 1? :)
We get around haha
Toast pop out da toaster you niggas could get hit wit some hot shit
When people are blasting rap music in the middle of the night . -__- I dont care if you "go hard in the paint " I'm trying to sleep.
Want to win a $4500 package to the PPC Aruba? Includes a $3300 ME seat & $1200 for travel. $520 satty at Isle Pompano at 3pm. See you there.
Whoa fat fuck
I wouldn't apologize either
exactly: See Chris Weinke. Struggled from Day 1. not saying Weeden is Weinke, but he's example that 28 yr olds are rooks
At 11, we will be having a book-binding workshop at the children's area tent (marked blue balloons)!
Happy Mother's Amy :) U r truly a great mama!
Spent #NYE at Hualalai...agreed wonderful! RT the #wine team enjoying sunset in Waikoloa Big Island this eve
my dog is great, she knows to poop in the shade! #shihtzu are so smart lol
Bacon, Eggs and Tillian Pearson.
You mean Swagiana ;)
And what ur talking about doen't even sound fun... Just sounds weird... Get urself a freak not a psyhco, babe.
my babe has thee prettiest smile :)
“: Burton: brief is "Solve a problem. Brilliantly." #Publish2011”
My Nig don't try it!
Thanks, Darcia! Happy Writer Wednesday.
So far 2nite skullcap tincture, ice pack on eyes, warm bath w/salts and lavender oil, & scalp massage w/peppermint shamp seems 2 be helping.
I was happy to share, but thank They really know their stuff. And thanks for sharing these videos.
I wrote a song about war.
I need music as much as I need oxygen.
Good morning
"In order to laugh we have to exhale." --
As a TRIBE fan I'm really psyched #Thome is back! #Clevelandrocks Anybody who puts down the midwest clearly has never been there
SHOWER TIME
Stop brown nosing them,can u get any further up their arses!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Goody two shoes.
worked on my homework for like three hours! That was alot! Im proud of myself :) yay!
you KILLED it!
It's been the longest week ever!
AMEN SISTAAA .lol omg I can't even *le dead * omg omg
I can do all things through Christ who gives me strength :)
A hot babe said we could have sex if monkeys fly out of her ass, so tonight I meet with a zoologist, proctologist and some guy from NASA.
I like how the link shortener almost looks like cat food LOL.
Fresh ass new haircut
ry and I will be in Bloomington as well!
Heading over to Community Block Party - see you there!
Hell yes. There are new flavors of Builders. I want to try Smores so bad...
goodbye ruined it
haha of course I do! Though not really fond of peeps..haha
#3WordsForYou: Spurs Never Lose
I don't hat you or your promotional tweets Loius.
<U+0001F494> you weren't my teacher for most of the year, but I am glad to have met you. RIP Dr. Howe
congrats. Wish someone would have taught me this ten years ago.
Headed to University to teach “The Church and the Poor” class with Thanks for the opportunity, !
Ok I have to be up at 5, night tweeps
If I could get people to send me $$$ to write a series if "what not to do" self-helpers, I'd make millions. Or maybe rent.
Following from EAV mission!
Thanks for the Black Keys info Apparently I am even later than you!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Bet Fam, its trash you gotta battle against the Midwest, I don't like to see that, but it is what it is. I want hear mad Barzzzzz.
well its gon be a good day for them
Thanks for the RT John, have a great evening!
GM Can't have one without the other. Have a Happy Monday :-)
it didn't break the steering wheel locked up that's all. Hahahahaha!
Funny funny ha ha!!!
Didn't expect to find so many ppl on here who are fans. I'm Honored If anyone would like an autographed Picture DM me your address.
Thank you Catey! Hope you and Jay are doing well! xoxo
I miss my iPhone jack for the car! Radio stations have no variety!!
indiana might actualy win.
Free smoothie king again ftw
Excited to be here. The agenda looks great!
what's ur definition of "know"? Understanding consumer behavior is one thing; knowing intimate details is another...
hey I think she said friday
Kate McKinnon. It's her third episode, but I don't remember seeing her before tonight.
me too! Sorry I didn't say bye earlier! either way, talk soon.
it's official. The twitter handle has changed... Good luck J!
Some day I will be at a Hold Steady show when they play slapped actress
#snow? Northern NM 4cast: Wednesday Night Partly cloudy with a slight chance of snow showers. Colder. Lows in the lower to mid 20s.
Thanks for the recommendation! Looking at his beautiful photos now
Nebraska vs Wisconsin sept 29 in prime time 7 pm kickoff at memorial stadium on abc or Espn
so early
All of the scenes with Tommy Davidson is scary as hell.
Oh my gosh I have no idea what you just said!
works well until you find a life you want!
hope u hv a better day!
Gia bad I need a wife like her <3
IM ON INSTAGRAM GOING IN FOLLOW ME ASAP
that interview was amazing. Great job
Have a shuffle dance lesson.
Yes #caps!
And that's why we deal w/ the Sheriff...
Great season starter, although it's sad to hear EVPs from little children looking for their mother. Great show, though!
The absence of fear is not courage. The absence of fear is mental illness.
Made it to #MARAC. Now to get the lay of the land.
Studying turned into playing baseball with basswood for an hour with
why are you not at school?
By specializing in windows and doors, we offer homeowners, builders, and architects an extra edge.
Congrats to Caitriona Foley! Her book, 'The Last Irish Plague' won the Publication Prize in Irish History from the National U. of Ireland.
dude, brutal beat, keep up the good work, you'll get it. Maybe try next year...
Camilla Made this season of #BGC!!!
Yes! Leaving for Juneau for #swimming at 7 tonight!!!
Be Beautiful,Black,and Sexy
Got up in the game cuz I was tired of the bleachers
#ChocolateDay! Grab yourself a Double Chocolate Stout...you won't be let down.
I DID like Obama's plan to create jobs...oh wait, there wasn't one.
#iwishicoulddate someone who would cook me breakfast cause im hungry af hahah :p
no, i don't write him, he has to write me!
naw I stay up...I be tired the last hour or 2 but I juss pop another movie in lol
Part 1 of 4. Officer Paul Albrecht Violates Kimberguy's Civil Rights on Motorcycle
can you retweet my fire posts? Thanks!
happy birthday
Manningham - Manning = ham
NBCnightly news does a feature on #pinterest it's time to move on to the next thing
indeed I. Do!
everyone home safely? I am! Reply yes to let me know when you are home. Fun drive to Seattle!
Its weird getting excited about a game I have no chance at winning. Now I know how #Cubs fans feel.
“I met the surgeon general - he offered me a cigarette.”~Rodney Dangerfield
It was poppin in OTR tonight! Beads were flying out to the full house at Motr! Happy Mardi Gras!
Wow...weird! Why are so many so stressed? Perhaps the stupid weather? Deadlines? Something is not quite aligned...
Making a cameo tonight in DC, make sure you catch me there tmrw for my full set -- Every Saturday Night!
ok...watching #TheKilling.....is Holder dead or alive...
How the fuck is this suppose rivalries when I can't even fuckin reach you
It's a girl! Capri is the mama and she weighs 10.5 pounds.
Thx for RT's and mentions!
that sounds like a good reason to switch to Finale! ;-)
Let me know if you can't get that NYCLU data as CSV and I'll help you scrape it from the PDFs
Watching a documentary on understanding the universe Crazy affff
Tuesday TY's going out to: and of course,
another blessed day
Thanks :)) RT Happy Mother's Day Honey :)
Ouch! Thanks for the update. Was considering purchasing.
. Thanks for giving us a shout-out. See you there!
it is beautiful here! Hope it holds until sunset.
I would if you follow me
About to start my very first foray into making gumbo. A shame for a Tulane alum, really. Abita chilling in the fridge!
I can't believe we're over 40,000 #mahomies! <U+2665>
look at the bright side, at least you woke up.
White Chocolate Mochas >>>
just file that under
Let's just hope more details of the case come out before June 5th!
New Costume President Abraham Lincoln Boys Costume
Bring it on, Earl.
Hahahaha he was inspired by ochocinco.... Says a lot
Sunny, top-down driving home for lunch and playing with the puppy, then back to the office.
Thanks to all of Our Follower's Be sure to checkout Out our new wristbands at www.SNOCLOTHING.com For the cure for Cancer.
i'm gonna call you
we are having a long delay in email notifications when our design team sends out updates, how can we fix this?
"Data visualization" has C-suite support : They offer free training to managers on how to effectively present & communicate it.
Wish every team had someone as hilarious as on Twitter.
Me: "Nice neck brace Jason Derulo" Jason Derulo: "Jay-Son Duh-Roolooo!" Me: "*facepalm*"
But no lines, and no wing night!
Oh, shoot! It's too late to go see JOHN CARTER, isn't it?
>>my pleasure, Ramon!
you're welcome
but seeing all these cute babies makes me think of the one I would have had RIP Jaden <3
Saw #theVow tonight and while Channing Tatum is nice to look at, he's a horrible actor. Return to the "exotic dancer" career path
wear red or green ;)
you are ridiculous, lol
I officially have final cut pro!
So true #BelindaCarlisle #GreatestHits RT : not as much as everyone is loving my ebony and ivory tights
you are more than welcome to join us:-) its like a mini vocation
ugh i know. LE CREY SO DISSAPPOINTEDDD
Hey Cubs fans, single game tickets officially go on sale tomorrow!!! Are you ready for baseball season?!?!
Congrats to Hugo #Oscars !!
Liking all the tweets and SD representation at #BWELA! Wish I was there!
I love Google Voice when it works, but I love it even more when the transcriptions hilariously don't work. cc:
I've got 99 problems but a pitch ain't one.
So this time tomorrow.. yea. Go
Also, the lyrics don't show up for some reason. Because I'm screaming, it's hard to understand. The lyrics come with the record.
Happy Birthday Diddy ....enjoy the day my friend !!!!
what the heck is #netngopk?
i kind of like winter....its the only time of year when girls can't dress like sluts.
make it fun and Work hard
When people do not respect us we are sharply offended; yet deep down in his private heart no man much respects himself.
<My wife and I just watched the movie, I wish the world was filled with people like you and your family.
becuz I just had to hide my phone under my butt when my mom came to check if I was sleeping.
yes a very wise guy :)
i looked at my twitter and i saw someone talking to red wen all i use twitter for is to put links to the streams i go to now a days
I'm so tired of testing!
Also, I want to delete my Facebook account, but I feel like I may need it for future spying purposes.
You guys need to try THIS burger!
Thank you to everyone! This season of Community Supported Art is officially sold out!
It sold out before we could even advertise it. But have faith, there are more spirit dinners in the works.
This is not where I belong
Got a Benz that I ain't even drove yet. RT stay humble, stay low, blow like Hootie
Visit. No moving back for now.
Was having a good night. Then I watched the DS trailer. YUCK
hehehehe kinda. youur from new york? or you were just there?
just fire up a late night MTT sesh, er oh wait....fuck it, weed and video games ftw I guess
I was out taking some pictures today of some of the local scenery and I thought about you.Me+droid, You Megacams
My life would be much easier if I didn't have to worry about how much gas was in my car or how much battery was left on my phone
The <U+FFFD>L<U+FFFD> in my luck has been replaced with an <U+FFFD>F<U+FFFD>
RT: "Just want u to know I care to and I'm just a normal kid." Care to what?? Grammar, kid! C'mon, killin' me...
Josef Newgarden just crashed coming out of turn 4.
Thank you to our women and men in uniform and all our veterans for your service to our country.
"everything happens for a reason" lol
Yeah! Where is the new one at? I thought the old one was gone.
RT : "I am responsible for accepting or choosing the values by which I live." - bell hooks
Had the overwhelming urge to systematically reorganize every closet in my house. Weirdest mood ever.
End of the world. Bring it on!
You should do that.
I read somewhere that has 'up to 4 player' parties/groups. Does that still qualify the much-anticipated title as an MMORPG?
Husband bought "juice drink blend" instead of 100% juice. Why does he constantly act like its his first day here
I'm up like 2 hours early...
Congrats to ! Well deserved and glad it was in the end if it couldn't be :)
we'll figure it out
You should! It's amazing!! Glad to chat today... looking forward to it! xo
Hoping that this rumor is just that.....
How do you see the Ravens? One week they are world beaters and the next week they can't even get a 1st down.
I love having my own income so i can do as i please
kk i did then
It's awesome and inspiring to work with such talented people as I have for our next show. V. Room rehearsals underway and going wonderfully!
I'll go to eat thanks to all who are following me :) <U+2665><U+2665>
LMAO BRENT TRYING TO MAKE CASH.... meh I'd buy it though xD
welcome to the world of the tweets<U+E00E>
absolutely! I will share my lamp - it is a magic lamp full of nail happiness! Can't wait for your email! I'm too ecited to sweep!
I have to say it. The more I hear him talk the more I really think that is a HUGE PUTZ.
Listening to ! Cant wait to see this boy again.. Oh and dont forget
Home alone tonight. Well, not if you count the bottle.
How can I smile when you won't ever notice me :(
tomarrow my first choir porformance.......i am soooooosooooosoooosooooosoooosooososososososososososososoooosooosooosoosooosoosooosooo scared
#40thingsaboutme 35. TJ is my best guy friend ever! :)
I'm gonna love you like I've never been broken. I'm gonna say it like it's never been spoken.
Bears Win! 12-2, I think I saw a few more Cal fans than runs scored.
": Awe, I cried when I read this... well, one tear...it made it halfway down my face & dried out lol....jerk!
title party. #hailhail we are in Phoenix az partying.
Lol I am too! I watch ALL the movies on ABC Family, I love watchin cartoons lol
come on now
Jesus! I'm taking it with DeFelix 5:30 - 8:00 on Monday & Wednesday nights. Are you in the 6 week program or 12?
kinda hard when it can be heard through the entire house
CONGRATS CHEF..YOU DESERVE IT!!!!
I always get bored of Twitter in the middle of winter. I don't know why.
really?! :o
But anyways watchin con-air
Who drives a Jeep? Fuck Jeeps.
I hope so.
nice to know you check out our teacher...
Don't be a stranger. Stop by anytime. Great to meet you IRL.
what's stopping you?
Even with the int arod still got me 50 fantasy pts
Whole new respect for Albert Puljols after Shaq Vs tonight. Class act.We need more atletes like that.
#TheDickVanDykeShow just makes me feel all warm inside :)
Just picked up a great deal for headphones on ebay. LICKER track of the week will resume soon!
So today my hair is more of a burgundy color.. I wanted red. Guess I'll be coloring it again!
Now they're all gone like nothing had happened. What is the deal here??? Has this happened to anyone else?
hotter than tatter tots?? :O
I'm only is spanish 5, wtf did she just say though?
I can't with the work computer or iPhone, unless we pay to subscribe, boo
How will Alex Trebek be sent to alternate universes now, if Alex Trebek no longer exists on Jeopardy? Xela Kebert!
When blogging, make sure you establish yourself as an expert.
You know what makes a crowded bus even better? A toddler screaming and crying his lungs out.
ah! carrot cake is a fave around here. i mean..just sayin... ;-)
a better post cache person like or could get those for you ASAP
B.C. gangster Thomas Gisby gunned down in Mexico
So, I have the ticket, the photograph, the laminate going back for almost fifty years now. Sam.
pictures on home page distract and add noise. keep it simple.
I just need somebody to loove
The Notebook>>
they know how to score man, they have ryan anderson who is a lights out shooter. Our bulls honestly dont have one of those
": Whats yall favorite song right now?" Neva end&Turn on the lights
Seriously, I need a new roomate or a new room :(
Im on my twitter shit today!
#Vegas Join us on the dance floor at 8:15 & learn Watermelon Crawl & Doctor Doctor with us! Our Free Dance Lessons end at 9pm!
Virginia Beach Citizens' Police Academy is currently accepting applications through Monday, August 24, 2009.
Haha you follow lots of drivel I guess. :P Thanks for the love doll!
Thanks for the follow, Jeff. Looking forward to your updates!
For some reason you're not showing up on my TweetDeck account.
Morgans Hotel Group Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
How's everyone doing on this fine Thursday?
AMEN! This is so god damned sad...
to ass to bed nigga
Looks like you had a better day than us. Hope you watch on Sunday!!!
Nice! What did you think of the show?
#ThingsMyBestfriendDoes try's to kill me
Even though its not the best, I still am thankful for my life!!
and you could moderate from your couch.
There's a song on the radio that says lets get this party started LETS GET THIS PARTY STARTED
Follow and we will follow back (:
Hard work always pays off.
Weeoooo, CAPS win in OT
Won a $3125 seat to the main event
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO IT'S JUST TOO EASY THEY JUST POP IN MY HEAD
Hey guys, help us get more followers by tweeting "follow "! We love you <3
thanks much!
Class discussion on Photo Documentary and shaping the historical understanding of your time for future generations. Kids rocked it.
It's crazy how unfailing God's love is 4 us. I can't express how grateful I am that He does! Smile 2day, because God loves you to no end!
Sometimes we just need to learn to let go..
Now following -- Should be interesting if he actually uses it.
I've never seen anything on coffee from you. Do you have a favourite coffee shop or beverage?
My mom just renamed Charlie to Puddles
Remember the time Gump Worsley got a concussion from a hard-boiled egg to the noggin? The crowd was egg-static.
Happy Chinese New Year, Gung Hay Fat Choy. May the coming year bring you good health & good fortune.
Just got in the crib from the park. Was ballin out
The Rage are working behind the scenes right now to make 2012 the best Rage year yet.
Congratulations to Ryan DeGeorge and David Swarthout, the first 2 winners of Nyjer prints from Wilke Art. 5 more winners will be drawn.
now you know how I feel whenever I'm around you
Hey, great! It'll be great to see you.
Oh the fun you can have in a photobooth! ;) #goodday with , , , and
Friday + wolverine equals crazy delicious!
RT if your pic is real.
We are only 44 PC's away from hitting 1000 checked-in computers here at The Computer Guy - Clermont Store! Will you be our 1000th computer?
Mailed the deposit today to Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology. Congrats Davis
omg I miss you so much!! Let's hangout this weekend
Albert Pujols sucks cause the #Cardinals fans Cursed him for leaving St. Louis
The winner of the VIP table tonight for the Paradise Visuals AEE Party is Congrats! Please confirm!!
So exciting for you! Any idea what you'll be changing your #Twitter name to?
*calls back*ill be right there. *bounces down stairs, hurries into kitchen*
now following
Proverbs 23:22 - “Listen to your father, who gave you life, and do not despise your mother when she is old.” (ESV)
that is to say, I've had a similar assumption leveled at me :)
#nyy #yankees A simple freakin sacrifice type bunt at opportune times. Do that a few times and Maddon suddenly doesn't seem so smart
Lincoln Lawyer was good.
What are you working on?
More light! :) RT : That's just the lack of heat and light at the moment ...
Just had 3 sessions in a row where the singer left w/ an extra octave of usable vocal range. I'll just say it, I have the coolest job EVER.
It's a CTRL+V kinda day...
you want me to go out in this storm? <U+0001F631>
carly does. Lol
trying to gain weight
you and me both!
i would love to lay out in my yard if my neighbors weren't such creepy pedophiles.
I would too! (which is not so awesome for you :P) There's a possibility though, we'll have like 3 classes in common
The concert at the Grammy Museum last night was sold out!
It's sad that people like make money from people and put the money into the pocket.
i always fall for your type
Either way sugar is sweet #goblue RT : Should be a good one.
WTF? RT : Cities that aren't SF: You need to stop trying to serve burritos. You're doing it wrong. (LA, you get a pass, though.)
Certainly not "worst ever" but they are the worst squad that Fergie has had in 20 years for me ol chap.
Block them. They can't follow you, you can't see their comments. Going private and accepting invites, lets people DM you.
JW have u ever requested your own songs on the radio 2 help boost them up the charts?? I know I would (HAHA) LUV YA BUNCHES :)))))))))
Tennessee is a hype place to live
oh yeah lol I'm watching Make It or Break It
time to rock the house!!!!!
Hey Brian how's it going? ( :
#Tweet #SweetStuff! Get yourself a great complextion using starter kits. Glow with us.
<<<< Just gotta breathe cause my head is hurting from all this crap
Wine sale, $10 select wines
Ty for wishing me a happy bday
Fashion night out was a great success!!! Nicole richie was awesome! And rodeo drive was packed!! Did anyone attend ?
Bye ,going to bed ,sweet dreams :-*
Full moons bring out the crazy
haha:) pretty name
yeah it was great :) wbu?
#bizforum It was nice teaming up with you and taking on
Stunned face of the night may go to Sullivan after he realized he scored on that shot.
hahahaha uh my b-day was on July 27!!!
Can't wait to get off work !!!
're only an hour late....no biggie
This summer, I might just make an attempt at the N-word (that's novel, you).
the new single is amazing!!!!! Already on repeat!!!!
Haha, thanks Ana! :)
Thanks, Heather! I try to toe the line, even when I'm frustrated (like when teams of three turn into teams of two).
And I completely understand if Saturday doesn't work!
Huskies at 6pm!
Yo im bored us hell watchin the movie lol
Still somewhat struck by the oddity of presidential tweets and yet this is perhaps more of a throwback to early democracy.
If you're hungry, we've got the solution. Come in for some great Mexican food! Tweet us back and let us know what your favorite dish was!
Oh my goodness, a monarch butterfly just landed on my hair! That was amazing!!!! Haha!
It's always too soon to quit.~ Norman Vincent Peale
Can you imagine if that happened and we DID #flyout? Oh, the rivalry. hahaha
Like Ann Coulter, he doesn't care about facts. Don't let his irresponsible ramblings distract you.
Sorry tweeps I been MIA the last couple of days, been working some things out with my site and some new tracks coming...
If you voted for phillip phillips SUCK MY DICK youre fucking stupid
G'morning to all my Tweetsters! Here's to a terrific Friday!
my poor gramma. I love her soo much. Keep doing good Gramma! :]
Dan Ruby just rocked some alien crevices !
man been a long end of the week and weekend but today was a bit of a mind ease
yes we do and when we don't, u know something is wrong!! Haha!!
Cut off your nose #ToSpiteYourFace :)
My Grandma is doing better, and may even be going home from the hospital soon! Such a strong woman, even at 85 <U+2665>
no! Its okay, its chill here:)
Aww! Too cute!!
You are right - I should have never asked. Will puke in my lunch now...
I'm glad McDonalds don't sell hot dogs,cuz I don't think I can order a McWeiner with a straight face.
Bartini martinis taste good, now if they just put alcohol in them.
There is nothing you can do to stop me
Is there a rule that every bin of bargain vinyl must have at least three different Herb Alpert LPs?
Hoosiers turn up the d and take an 11-9 lead. Badgers miss two free throws.
oh i totally know what ur goin through, hope things get better!
editing today. that thing we photographers do when we're not shooting.
can't wait for the ustream! remember,
I'll admit your attention to detail is impressive...
The awkward moment when u fall asleep typing ur paper and wake up realizing its not finished and due tomorrow
Hey i just et you,and this is crazy but heres my Twitter...SO FOLLOW ME MAYBE!!!! Thanks...
Happy Day to both of you! Enjoy :)
my bad -- just a too-weird for twitter joke. my desktop is cluttered and my guilt is pitched up too.
next Monday at rocbar
Only game 3 and I've chewed all of my nails off= intense.
The Michael Jackson:Immortal World Tour blew into Toronto for a few days. I did not notice much media coverage for this $60 million show.
Me & getting on a level lol. Drinkin level though. Its not what we normaly do but like its cool lol I feel good u feel good?
I love childhood stories, too.... that incident was more emblematic than it was exact in its inspiration.
Know the feeling! Currently waffling over 3 lists: modernist poetry, US novel 1865-1910, & editing modernism.
you gotta watch!
Thank god I have a stoge. I needed this.
Me and Matt have the whole weekend off together<U+0001F601> and we have so much planned! I'm excited!
Goodnight tweeters , have some personal issues to address with my little sis Cayley. (: shes so amazing in everyway . i love her <3
thanks for checking us out
I hit u n ya manager up kill dont be anti know me lol
in Finland? Got to be in Finland. Someday I will!
I'll be in America long before then!": I wud b coming dis dec,just wanted to remind u!
But not better than #NeverSayNever Justin Bieber
Everything was getting better . . . & I fucked it up . I always fuck it all up .
“: impressive instagram” omg, that should be your instagram handle!!!
Summer break is only a week and a half away!
My goal was a simple 1000 word blog post on dirty living. 4000 words later, I realized I was literally writing a footnote to a footnote.
my two year old and I went out for Mexican while the hubs took my oldest on a date! Lol
Oh I totally am! I'm just going to try to not fall in love with the idea of how my life would be with this job this time around.
Now ICONiacz are starting to like ; back off & stick to your ICONic Boyz .
Watch your mouth RT : Lebron is such a joke. Once again he does nothing in the 4th quarter and is not clutch.
The fool posted about it on another website. Probably under a fake name
are u and kiara dating?
text me, 7863388603 :)
I'm so mad I didn't stay for finals... #grr #could'veran
thought I did something that would make a change. But I guess the effort wasn't good enough.
Have a super day!
- but, see, if you're Chinese as is Lily Marie, that would set a dangerous precedent!
Here at the first special education advisory committee for my school district. Will see what info they have.
Who are your top 5 Ravens all-time players with #1 being your top pick?
hell yes
No. RT what about ?
We are in downtown LA at 7th and Flower, right by the metro. Stop by and get a ZICO!!
feels too much like home?
I been good, how about you?
RT : Alcoholics' 'injured brains' work harder to complete simple tasks: Finger tapping study shows alcoholics may rec......
the shit micah just toll me >> ..
free day in #Caracas. colleagues head off to the rum farm. it is ridiculously gorgeous here...
- Great performance at Haze Las Vegas Tonight!
Note to self. Don't ask if he can say bullsh*t... He might just surprise you! cc
Welcome to TX ! I'm in Houston, you're in Austin #itson!
Talk about LeBron all you want but Wade is the heart and soul of the Miami Heat.
thx Tim - it's good to be back :-)
thank you- you're a lifesaver!
It's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't
. Can you tell all of your followers about ? Coming up March 2nd ! Thanks!
thanks Mike!
I think gaga killed me with that arrival
never got around to that can of V8.
Just followed back everyone that followed me on instagram.
Off to the delightful Blackeyed Susan CD release !
Heading off to Panda Express, everyone is invited
Finally going to bed
Yes, time is relative. My fave kid comment: "You're a writer?" Me: "Yes." He: "Wow! (pause) You must have held a lot of pencils."
RT : The only power Satan has is the power you give him. Don't let him rob you of the destiny God has for you.
Sure! I have to check in with family about plans but will let you know. Is there a time that is better?
RT : About to get tequila drunk with and #winning #tigerblood<---yessiirrr
Biology, Chemistry and Physics sucks!!!
Happy 4/20 My fellow #Stoners!!!! This is OUR day;-) ;-) ;-) Getting off early today...and u know this man!!!!!
Awesome beach front #run with and Frankie.
Putting finishing touches on the #Blackboard ANGEL session presentation for #EDU11. Join us on Thurs. at 8:00 am in Room 119B.
Gotta love it
you could come visit and um not drink.....
Yea buddy #aye RT : u in NYC?? I haven't seen U in a min
thanks man
There's good 'ole Ed Hightower putting himself in the middle of the Norfolk State / Missouri game. Was that really a jump ball ?
Yay! New MacBook Pro is here! Getting it all set up right now.
Home again, home again.
Sounds pretty nice! Let me know if you need anyone to sample whatever you'd be grilling :)
what would you suggest? Lower back, hips out of alignment...please don't say exercise, eating right and weight loss.
I have one goal for this beautiful Saturday - Chocolate Sea Salt !
Can't decide on a place to eat this weekend? Pick up the November issue of to see what our reader's top choices are!
I heard you were at the game last night. Were you rooting for iu or butler?
wait. that's not true, is it?
Tuesday's matchups: Penn State vs. Oakland at 5pm, Lindenwood vs. Delaware at 8pm.
next weekend. I'm at my dads this weekend
cant wait till i move and get it done and over with!
#CrazyParents posting #ExtremeParenting video's on Facebook and Youtube to teach #BrattyKids a lesson is #disturbing. #CrazyIs as
Shoot yall call me a bully or a monster.but we should ALL keep a close eye on mo.Damn I was gonna set da females free but mo got other plans
Safe flight today, , and good luck in your interview! You're gonna rock that bitch, sister wife!
Welcome to the
very cool! I used to live on 3rd. I miss LQA quite a lot.
I don't care who you are or how old you are if u don't respect me, I'm not respecting you.
Come see us in
High Manhattan rents + low interest rates = a busy real estate market and a busy me!
aww yay you found a science ken! lol. and wow yeah you're def busy! :) what's love for sail?
heyy how r u would u follow me please
RT : We are so nerdy but I love it!
#sonsofguns #zombies this is gonna be a great episode!
I don't have your app but listen to Elvis in the morning. I won't any more.
yeah you know all about it!
you guys keep getting me so excited! :) ~19days<3x~
Couldn't ask for better friends! Thanks ;)
Huge day for WI hoops... close out regular season with victory over IL & have huge road win in Columbus!
I hate getting light headed out of nowhere.
Sweet! It would be fun for a bunch of people to get together for that
Time to head up to the roof top to catch some rays.
This day keeps getting better...
thanks for joining the webcast and excited to work with you on
Midland pitcher W/ a good looking 95MPH fastball
thanks Maria. Was a good show. See you Sat.
If you want to touch the heart of God, begin with touching the heart of a child
Timeless quote: "Politicians are the same all over. They promise to build bridges even when there are no rivers." ~ Nikita Khrushchev
i dont think it will have much impact at all -- since the overall pool of resources in comm doesnt seem to be growing
We do apologize for the amount of video uploads today! Our admin had forgotten that we had linked out YouTube and Twitter accounts. :P
Fuck friends , friends turn into busters.<U+0001F61D>
The #GodUniverse is something very simple. There is no such thing as size. Mass gets larger as you probe to smaller sizes. E=MC2.
I wonder if I take you home, will we still be in love, baby? Because I need ya tonight.
I did not realize how many cancer patients want to know about clinical trials and FDA regulations for informed choices in health care
KUOW news 8:35: Seattle Mayor insists SPD plan has nothing to do w/DOJ investigation. AND says: 'We're not complying? Sue us.'
Friday's #EarthDay advice: Incorporate one new thing into your daily routine that benefits nature and the environment.
all ICONic Boyz Lovers Follow me and i will follow you back to spread the love <3
is it just me or does Dino Rossi seem like the Lane Kiffin of Washington politics?
You are welcome! Thank you also!
I'm over here editing my way out the hood
How to minimize the effects of time-delay interference - Urgent Communications
Enjoy the prediction from that Dolphins will select DT Fletcher Cox at 8 because it doesn't fill a need and makes no sense.
you two are the fucking same,pathetic annoying & always need attension.
Finding a song name: Type all the words you know in Google and hope for the best. Oh that's who wrote that song
Donna Summer lived in Key West? That's where I once lived...never knew that!!
The best mirror is an old friend. -English proverb
Just finished watching house of 1000 corpses with my boy and my cousin. That was epic! I wanna watch something happy like To Wong Foo now.
because they're the knicks. Makes too much sense, so it won't happen.
can you do anything to help capture this #kony2012 ... U got a powerful voice too! Please help Kim!
me and mike have bonded ur to late. He won't join u
and I'm pretty sure the truth will set us free...! Is it dumb that the clichés are true?
Top O tha Morning to ya #ABQ!!
Looking forward to CES next week!
Can't wait to have you! Hopefully we will see you soon at one of the grand opening events or another time!
<U+0001F601>thats how i smile when someone is taking a picture and they say cheese
Dreaming is believing
What a great idea to have a webinar for parents; would be great to have one for teachers too
thanks for the camp tweets!
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself. -Anna Eleanor Roosevelt
If all else fails I suppose I'll just live off the money from my ebay Beanie Baby sales.
Love ya thanks . Straight ahead
sweet home :3
Quiet and smooth, yet as tough as a steel-belted tire, the 3280 is the perfect choice if you want both quiet and reliability.
Athens get ready for the PBRART EVENTs check out PBRart.com today!
Oh man, LeRoy Bell's voice is so smooth! Now that's talent!
RT : Currently 50% off all Whistling Straits Adidas-Ashworth Apparel All used clubs are 30% off! Sun Mountain Micro Cart 150
on choruses yeah but that That Girl track he did good with his rap
yahoo, glad to hear you like it!
super pretty shoe game crazy
The NW Conservatory of Dance is going to be performing the 2010 NW Family & Kids Festival, find out more at northwestconservatoryofdance.com
Yes Yes :D How's your day going?
I don't actually know ahah! I follow quite a lot of people and just tweet a lot?:)
"That session was so bad we didn't even stay for the free drinks." - REE DRINKS!!
#sschat I launch an intro project that is personal to them and involves #passion and primary sources
Nevermind that u didnt even meet this chik till way after yall were together but shes at maid of honor status ? Really?
aw wat you was on
.// my LOVE for you will never end , your always be a part of me as long as time keeps on passing by :))
You know you're in the country when there is a black Friday line at K-mart
Parenting Tip: The new Twilight movie provides an excellent two-hour window for reading your daughter's journal...
there's so many paparazzi . Damndamndamn . Hate it so muchy -.-
Hello central standard time!
So much to do, yet so little time..
Had the most amazing weekend!! So great to have a connection w/ others that is positive & creative!!
It's storming...so if anybody needs me ..I'll be under my desk...Hey...I was looking for that!..M&M's have the 7 hour rule right? lol
Vcu good game
I always poke my eye like that too! It's so annoying!
last question! deceptive/misleading method of influence + positive outcome for both parties. manipulation?
blake students
It was nice to be back at the Q to watch the Cavs scrimmage today!
Great to meet you today and chat.
Ugh, selectman meeting total waste of time.
Saw your banner at Stonebridge Potomac town center near Wegmans. Are you going to have an office there? That would be awesome!
Great game tonight, congrats on a big W!
It's a beautiful day! But I'm in working at the music library for most of it. Hopefully I'll go for a good run after work.
great way to spend a bustout day
Definition of a religious hypocrite: I never fast during Lent, but I always eat pancakes on Shrove Tuesday. Oh yeah, I'm a hypocrite.
Miss Universe 2012 could be held in South Africa!!
yea not the same.. I won't be going on saturday.. Too early and too far
if u were a burger at McDonalds you'd be a McGorgeous
I want to know about super top secret #BlogathonATX plans too!
Damn, Aramis Ramirez doubles in a run. Wait....that's good this year!!
baseball card theme!!!!
It's my one non-Boston sports team. Remember that period when you were a Packers fan as a kid? I blame you for the '97 Superbowl
how much you selling your pieces for? Love what you do and am looking for something to cover an entire wall at my place.
hey len-practice for next week. 10-comes after 9, before 11. it's spelled T-E-N. it's all of your fingers together. 10-GIVE ONE!!
- What type of juicer do you use?
Working on a new song- has me going in so many directions it's driving me crazy! but it WILL rock!
This shows the intense sophistication of both the terrorist network and the US intelligence agencies + partners working to defeat it
WOW the #Mariners are doing well tonite over the #Twins !
PUMPKIN SPICE LATTE!
The life of an actor is a life of sacrifice
Just walked up to clerk at Barnes & Noble and asked if she could direct me to journalism section. "You mean like fiction?"
Yes & yay!! Tomorrow is the big day :D
If MOM says it's ok then I'm cool with that LOL
So, I need help realizing a dream. Anyone looking to donate or sale a baby grand piano or grand piano? Lolol.. seriously though.
Have new stock of Naturally Smooth Flax Seed Hair Gel, Butter & Gely for Twists & Locs, Summer Skin Facial Moisturizer,
hell yeah dude.
every day the wings play I don't wear underwear, shhh don't tell my co workers at
thank you for the crash course in twitter. i am now a pro.
I have a secret dread of the parent meetings?
miss u!!
Thanks for the awesome mentions Gino! Rock on! :)
I'm good and ill be home for a bit in may too so well ref catch up.
Bunnies have made a home beneath the pool deck. This is not going to end well from them.
Tf Yu Mean Yu Don't Want Grilled Cheese Two Nights In A Row...? Shit Yu Aint Hungry Then.
Party this weekend!Can't wait to hit the lights w/ my gurls <U+0001F484><U+0001F389><U+0001F388><U+0001F4F7><U+0001F4F1><U+0001F497>
Getting to know an awesome new colleague the last month of school when I'm leaving in June = bittersweet
Just downloaded the free new album. It's not bad.:)
Sounds amazing, beautiful and slightly poetic. I miss Astoria. All I see are yellow city lights, the skyline and cars.
thanks :-) i still owe you a drink then
Maryland Writers: Follow for updates on writing contests, publishing opportunities, and weekly writing prompts.
I've been so off lately, I know why. I apologize. But I'm good to go now.
Another day in Manhattan. Where is the best cup of coffee in Morningside Heights, and what is its soundtrack?
Not the aunt?
Just scored a summer internship at Project Ethos! So ready to show em my #PR skills
Twitter is always going to be better than Facebook
Allen Iverson's "practice rant" was 10 years ago today.
it adds texture
Life Teaches.... Love Reveals
TY for following.
"Ohh darlin, cause you'll always be my baby"
baby c; XD
Hi, i know your awake. Tweet me.
that is great!!!
: did the instructor participate? in what capacity?
I cannot believe myself right now...
Hey y'all just wanted to thank you for your tweets and participation during CES 2011. We all looked through it and I'm going through it ...
Thanks for the #SO !
drizzy drake killed it on fuse tv
That's why I wear glasses. It also burned a hole into my cerebral cortex. That's why I have to wear a helmet and a leash.
Let's go
You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see, but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel.
Going to play golf at 5:30 rain better hold off please
Only this hooker would love a girl that he won't ever get again. GET OVER IT! SHE HAS A BOYFRIEND! -.- You're moving away from her anyway.
actually waitlisted at 150 so you still may not be too late.
I am a magician who can juggle and unicycle. Should I embrace it for my next magic gig?
5 in a row on 's the 5 spot by #TheBeastieBoys. RIP Adam Yauch.
When you got a big ass yo hips switch by theirselves
Thanks for coming in the other day. The curriculum will be a great addition to Empty Cradles effort.
Someone told me I feel off o I needed that!!!!!!
was a performer a few years ago at the annual Young Artist Awards show and was fantastic.
Actually just deleted the app RT Hey, you guys remember Draw Something? That was a fun month.
Summer is here! Yay for warm weather. Sydney b. has a great selection of Splashy Swimwear.
's username >
In it the reader hears a single voice speaking clearly as a teacher to a disciple.
I love your song Marilyn Monroe !(: And #BeezInTheTrapVideo was Amazing !(: You Looked Stunning ! <3
Thought for the Day: "I can, therefore I am." - Simone Weil
friend of yours?
Rolling along, come to a DUI checkpoint. They wave us through!!
Heading out to WP24 for a media tasting. Eat Tweets to come!
Hopefully your relationship with the sunrise is deeper than your relationship with alarm clocks.
do you ever get a handball in pro evo?
Why am I so attracted to Christina aguilera?? Maybe it's all the attitude...
reply to this I got a builder that might be great for ATC
Stack Exchange: for all your uregent solvation needs
2010 line was just put to bed. Great fashion colors plus women’s only pieces. We'll start sending out teasers and specials in a few weeks!
Never trust anyone that says, "I love you."
Both of our scores dropped!
Utterly confused. Seriously need psychic or at the very least, a crazy 8 ball.
#TheVoice was amazing tonight! Love and you guys are amazing coaches <U+E022> can't wait to see who wins!!
Come To Walk For Hunger Tomorrow @ 11:30 To See , , & Perform @ Cambridge Boat House(:
my heart and ability to forgive.
Is it me... or does today seem super long?
Where there is peace, there is wisdom.
Lord I pray my brother makes it home safely and sound. <U+0001F340>
Playing the tower bar tonight (sunset towers), in duo with Gordon Bash. 7:30.
Best way to celebrate a presentation well done-in NYC for the weekend, meeting up with #BC besties in 1 hour!!
yes! I'm there til Sunday or Monday this time
Cats why is it #monday make it end already
I'm pretty sure I'd just punch the guy
it's good bruh
yes, the plans were different. If you have any further questions, please feel free to email me at emile(at)simplegeo(dot)com
Headed to the gym. Looks like its all I do now!!
Um, I don't know about that.... its hard to explain. Try finding some on youtube. :)
Put a normal looking n7k log message into the Cisco error decoder, got nada. I think your NX-OS documentation is a little behind!
Kinda getting sick of band names that reference violence towards women, however "punk" or "funny" it might seem to the members.
Wow these weather men suck!! Its raining reLly?
Longest half time ever. Come on Kansas!! Let's get this win!!
RT #ITSMA-AC11 Marketing Excellence for "Marketing with Social Media" - Winners are: Hitachi Data Systems Gold & HP Diamond
that may be bc of the long-standing 90s rivalry from Reggie Miller vs Ewing/Starks era (maybe?).
we r having a blast
You > everyone
Staying after school!!! Bleh! With
Gene Simmons thighs look...old? Like hams? Gross.
Just got smacked in the face with a baby wipe! ha!! She threw that shit from 5 feet away n hit me square in the face. HAHA!!
thanks for the follow Roberta! :)
fugg yeah!! Like a got damn ninja
RT damaging your teeth every night, over and over.
Good morning
What's not to like??
I'm in the FOX 12 Traffic Center this morning, filling in for Tony! Tune into Good Day Oregon from 4:30-9:00 AM.
Never underestimate someone's ability to find out the truth
Seeing my brother getting ready to leave for D.C. makes me miss Florida more than anything. :(
I LOVE THIS. And I'm super honored you thought of me :)
At the concert! J cole about to go!
Do you use virtual tours for your listings? What would make them better??
With Lindsay, haven't been on twitter in a while, oh well(:
Seriously, this summer's going to kill me ;)
My friend just farted in her sleep hahaha.
Matt Drudge’s rescue mission
yeah it took forever for me too. But it's awesome. Download the find friend app.
the Rompus Room. Really great!
roses are red, violets are blue. faces like your's belong in the zoo, don't be mad i'll be there too; not in the cage, but waving at you. :)
#PRIME2012 As we approach Mothers/GrandMothers Day 2012 I would like to say Thank You to my single mom and all the single moms in the world
#ReasonsThatImSingle the pimp game doesn't allow for serious relationships
If you haven't played with the interactive guitar on the Google homepage, do it now! Hours of entertainment!
Prayer warriors, I need prayer. Unfortunately I can't release the info on why, but please pray for victory in my situation. Thnx!
Today = Dress Fest and Manhattan College
I forgot you have no soul. Just remembered.
Avoid signing a contract. If you can't pay month to month forget it.
Why does currency exist in the Star Trek universe? Scarcity doesn't.
If you THINK someone else's God should decide what medication your doctor can give you, vote GOP.
Okay, all day we are going to work on boosting our number of likes...so please share this page with your friends, coworkers, family....go!
tiger is blowing it
Georg Wilhelm~ Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion.
I hear you. Just my way of saying that it would be nice to see you. Best of luck, Becky.
I like it too.
getting the party started... Come by for drinks and some fun.. Live in the mix.
This is no joke...www.millionaireminds.org Free youself TODAY!
ur mother is starting to grow her greys in her fur smhh I'm sad but I will try my best to look ssssssiiiccckkeeenningg!
Lame. Also, what's wrong with Rickie's hand? He's wearing an oven mitt out there.
Suddenly find I crave instrumentals while writing. Cirque du soleil #pandora working for me big time.
Firework or On the FLoor or Grenade or Rolling in the Deep or Born this Way? ROLLING IN THE DEEP
i thought it was 2 Moro. Ok I'm there!
Cocktails is on the rooftop gardens tonight! Countdown to 5:30 begins...
Congrats to and for winning #trivia! Ruth Wakefield invented the C in the 1930's on accident. Best accident ever!!!
All set up Luxury expo in Tyson's Corner, VA! Stop by and enter our drawing for 5 free windows with insulation!
Self-entitled? She whispered, showed up a song late, and used her blackberry. Oh the horror!!!!
Agreed! Can I come? RT : In need of a change of scenery. Hmm, where to go ...
Can we not take notes for this video?
2 Chicken Strips, 2 Pizza Sticks, Doritos and a Breakfast Burrito for breakfast
Such admirable honesty! Trying to help out but sadly not enough space! RT There's nothing I can do for you that you can't...
Just chilling w/ my hoes love em! Damn today was live but drunk like a mf*
My sister saw it and said it was cute. RT : Has anyone seen Young Adult? The wife and I r thinking of seeing a movie tonight
Thanks for cutting that short, I was getting the urge to go shoot up the mall
I need more wailen followers c:
Where are the jobs for college graduates?
come to ny!!
yep kinda. Haha
No , i broke a nail -__-
"Crosby starts a new relationship" (?) tonight on #Parenthood. This should be fun.
Why are there so many people at taco bell right now??
Times sure does fly after a great holiday weekend. It's already Pre Payday Thursday tomorrow!
have a blast man ;)
Omg! BbyReggie is getting more Bad each day
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
History help please!!! can someone be nice and plaease help me!!?
Hate to see the arts and other disciplines abandoned or minimized, but there is some pragmatism in these comments...
Ppl need to learn that calling me weird doesn't effect me :b
Okay so tomarrow is v-day from me. I am going to tell as many people as I can that I love them. Especially the people that realy need it.(:
hey you should come pick me up...
people trying to be like you man
Jack & White show plugged in this weeks is a AND Jerry Perry Presents show! We got left out! Imagine that...
Yeah, saw this. Does sound like that. Dude is not big on enunciation.
Mark Sanchez courtside at MSG... chatting with Tony Soprano's sister? That deserves a screenshot, or something
Up early thought it was a day off but getting ready to plan for next week with my mom.
So far it's the best turnout ever for our 4th annual clothing swap! Lotz of clothes and monetary donations for
Oh goodness! Be careful!
#YouCuteAndAllBut you still aren't ... sorry...
So, we meet again, Mr. Hess- but this time the advantage is mine! ^_-
We look forward to seeing you! ": Love Dunkin Donuts. I'll be in Chicago on Friday-May stop by."
Thank you... we may be up your way in about a month :)
If u a pimp who ain't got no girls.......Follow me,n I'll follow u
How are things going with the spineys?
Hello Usher...
Its The Anchor Bar 2 year anniversary today!!! Come in and watch the games and enjoy live music and great drink specials all day..
Is getting a Bacon cheese and spinich omlet
#Classy RT : hey , i'll marry you for some fake titties. so will the new girls next door?
We certainly hope so. Thank you
Look at the new locker posters on their merch site....no :(((((
is proofing transcriptions, looking for summer housing in England, and enjoying the last day of spring break.
What has worked: class in programming ActionScript, grant to fund CS students at Medill, team-based project interdis class
I hate to say it, I'm no longer mad at #LeBron, the #cavs are coming around, LeBron is a good player and I'd welcome his return, if he does
what's up babe imu
Please send a letter asking the Secretary of Agriculture to implement an immediate “time out” on road-building on national forestlands.
Just listened to the podcast with your dad. Very cool. Thanks for sharing!
don't tell me you're broke and then post photos on facebook of you on vacation in exotic lands. it makes me want to choke a bitch.
Let me breathe/for you
HAHA I miss you like crazy, bro. We are gonna hang out SO HARD
so i'm like re-watching One direction live on SNL and i think Niall is just so adorable
Network sitcom. Started out kinda meh then got retooled. Surprisingly, the retooling actually worked.
me to
Everyone please go follow please
Fruit salad, yummy-yummy
You're intoxicating my mind. Feel like a conversational lush. Cause I don't know how much is too much. <U+0001F602><U+0001F61A>
Thank YOU :).
No matter how big One Direction get, they will always be the 5 boys on the stairs, making us laugh and being themselves.
phone and facebook gone-__-
Listening to the packed game on Sirius is not the same as watching it. Need. To. Get. Home.
Ricardo why are we not friends?! You're fricken hilarious!
Google Drive Begs the Question: Who Owns Your Data in the Cloud?
THEY SAID THEY HAVE FOUND A CURE FOR HIV/AIDS BUT I BELIEVE THEY BEEN HAD IT THO
Having an awsome day!
#ReplaceSongTitleWithJerry let me love jerry. :D
I love my #Bold #9930 paired with my #PlayBook. It is a winning combination.
Gettin' real RT> That big #m1pdx march...van full o' riot cops headed toward the thing. The crowd is snaking south on 5th.
what's wrong with ya phone heaux!
Not at all. Just sent you all a tweet this morning.
i miss you biff :/
guess what I'm watching...AVATAR!! YAY! :D (Not really a guess since I told you)
Fun concert with at yesterday. The jazz gods watched over us. It rained before and after the event!!
About to hear the world premiere of John Muehleisen's "Pieta"
20 days and counting to LoveVoodoo Fest!!!
I just think it's harder to write bad Java.
Excellent news! RT: Thank you very much for the delicious Simple Granola--the family loves it!
Sorry for delay...I always look at intranets as task based, but if whole intranet isnt task based it may be counterintuitive
spicy fish tacos with honey, cilantro slaw and capers.
Got lost. Found Bookmarc and wanted every book I saw. John Currin, George Condo, Patt Smith, Veruschka. Love.
lol that's awkward
Side note: You mean to tell me that Andrew Luck doesn't have an Android or iPhone?
thanks for the mention! your post was fantastic - I will def. order the book - and share it and your post with my team
thanks, Greg!
CHECK OUR FACEBOOK PAGE! SEARCH: ExpreSSion..eMotion is Power..." to check out the OFFICAL TEASER FLYER! :)
RT : Always make sure to be nice to everyone bc you never know who will have your back when you least expect it
girls secretly like guys and expect them to know, but get mad when the guy doesnt do anything.
oh sure. I use that money for meth. You're so smart!
Hour 6 of any tattoo is the worst.
Palin & Faux News lie in bed: "It's wonderful to be part of a place that so values fair and balanced news," Ms. Palin said in a statement.
Here we go
Awesome thanks, you're entered to win!
do you still like Rachel?
#NP "Talking to the Moon" by Bruno Mars
Surprise! is in the house!
I love that you love the Ravens
Sad that ur not returning to XFUSA but wishing you the best & much success in all ur future endeavors. #KillerLove XoXoXo <3
lets say this if I have 20 $2 bills how much do I have
The nation will find it very hard to look up to the leaders who are keeping their ears to the ground. Sir Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill
TY Incidentally I've been an online tutor AND performed a wedding (one state). We should compare liturgical notes.
what are they saying?
Welcome New Followers
Also I do not prefer my boobs to be called puppies. I prefer Dogs of War.
If you have shaggy brown hair and bicycle toned legs, well too bad, because I already have a crush on you.
cozy in the dark watching Dracula.
": Mr. on 2nd reference. Look it up." So when you make it big do you still have to buy your own AP Stylebook? ;)
Having a fairly mellow morning so far. I almost don't recognize this kind of life.
The Giants also re-sign backup QB David Carr today along with TE Bennett from Dallas
I need to stop shopping =/
Miss you guys. Fantastic picture. TJ is nothing less than incredibly disturbing
Wanna win $300? Wanna have a blast in Nashville? Today. Downtown. Amazing Race Style Adventure. www.CityStreak.com.
is still a mile away from the finish line. what a rip.
#GoKingsGo power play!
Man that's what I've been saying! RT : Ugly chicks be winning on the low.
If you're single, stop waving it around like a damn flag. Its annoying as hell
Im tryna get high
Watching #GreenyTheDance right now. Good luck Greenyespn!
Serious about the math part, though. Math wasn't offered beyond what you need to plant corn/raise hogs.
So glad your new job turned out to be next door! More dates to come!
So...Gonna fight for pink slips? (sorry had to ask with you just getting that slick Bentley!)
I do hope they get a team though. You gotta watch awesome documentary!
there r so many people that look up to you :) Im one of them! U have gone a long way. God had done amazing things in ur life! Keep it up!
Firehook offers a full range of wholesale breads, such as sandwich loaves, rolls and non-sourdough breads. Call (703) 519-8020 for info!!
#Librarians, #libraryschool- give a follow to for info re this summer's #SLAChicago conference! (Plus, I'm helping w/ tweets) ;)
Get the latest event info. via tweets by following the 'Aventura Arts and Cultural Center'
Practice Greenhealth Celebrates Ten Years of Environmental Excellence Awards
ohh. Okay(: well red looks good on you!(: haha(:
Back to reality tomorrow
vodka and laundry... what could go wrong?
You never know when it is your time to go. You can be here one day and gone the next, so cherish every day!
you could charge a good price for that service!
when is every little thing coming out?
u can hear Bob from the concourse on radio down by the field
We run this night
OK bro tell me wen
A *growing* Eiffel
oh D-Wade way to shank that one
use our coupon code save20 just about everywhere that will take it. if they don't, tell them to DM us.
It's spaghetti, garlic bread, and salad for lunch today at summer camp! Well, a little bit of salad anyway.
You'll find me at lounge tonight with the crew! Hope to see I there:-)
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who can't post Facebook pictures without their boobs hanging out.
Be humble not stuck up
Carving a strap, roses end to end. Wondering why I underpriced it so much. No profit. Still tons of fun! And it's going to be gorgeous.
Woke up & realized #playoff loss wasn't just a bad dream...oh well there's
We are now serving Chocolate cheesecake! We will let you know as soon as we put the Raspberry, Orange and Watermelon in as well!
My chest hurts. >_>
Celebrate the people you love everyday not just today. Happy v day
“: 'If only closed minds came with closed mouths'”
": Gypsy Healers is covering "Sober" by TOOL is SO epic right now! #CapitalAleHouse #RVA"
Im Home alone for a week starting in the morning. Whadddupp.
You're welcome! And thanks for the follow!
you ok Matthew??
is there really a market for Xmas decorations in June, or are you trying to create a market?
Hey , if you think earning redonkulously sweet rewards by checking into your favorite places is weird, than yes, we're totally weird
Just one more day until Richard Dawkins and Bad Religion at !
It's going to be a beautiful day in the miltown
Fire official confirms: Woodburn High School will be closed all next week due to fire damage.
some if these people annoying as fuck.
because I've thought long and hard about it and it will take something intense to make it happen. So we have to discuss it
Watching old Moses and Rameses!!
Delighted to hear that provides downloadable backups of your site so you don't have to run any resource-hog plugins.
Thank you and for keeping me up till 2AM.....ha (:
... It's cool, u can just be on punishment for a while
RT : we ll see you then Pork tongue tacos is what's in order for tues
me too i seem to wake up feeling way better then i did before i took it
Space Cowboy. Astro Dude. Star Polk.
Feeling the love from Hollywood! FF back to , the keepers of the good weather.
Damn my dog just hit TF outta his head on this coffee table
Just fell back down to Earth....
GET IT!
great picture of the girls...beautiful!!
s/o tu my hommie she helped me stay up lastnight she supa cool
Re: Headphone Peds - This underscores the importance of auditory environmental awareness and the dire consequuences of reduced AEA...
Happy #FollowFriday! Why dont'cha follow our first indie feature - it'd be swell of ya!
gave it to my boo <3
No because I don't make dumb bets, but I do know they'll lose.
I love John Edwards, he remines me how stupid I was to believe in him and u can't know everything about a candidate .I need to be humbled.
i might not even get to 9th grade with my friends!
austin carter mcqueen mahone. i think? D:
I got to meet you at the show in Atlanta, & I just wanted to say, you're super nice and amazing at what you do. Fucking badass <666
You Can Stay Your Funny Acting Ass From Around Me...
Music to listen to in a while scoping out mouthwatering beer spots? Definitely
Text me.
stop following my friend
Bringing them soon to your neck of the wooDDs. RT : blueberry, or chocolate.
save the sorrys. You Should be sorry about bein 6 11 never rebounding and playing defense like 5'3 girl.last gm on Knicks <U+270C>
Come in sometime!
That was a bomb by Jay Bruce 1 of the longest home runs I've seen at Miller Park
it makes me know that were both not dead and also I don't see you. ;(.
Whiskey is risky but it makes the girls frisky.
Family roots: an investigation of the effects of upheaval on family systems. By Mindy Thompson Fullilove.
Chaperoning my first middle school dance! Pretty excited!
flyest girl on the block
crowd sourcing panel choice? Brilliant.
LET'S MAKE IT A PIZZA NITE AND WATCH #BFV ON DEMAND!!!!!!
same here.
I cant fuck wit a young nigga they always expect a bitch to do everything , square ass
Who's going out for Draft fun tonight?
Ever suffer a sex injury?
“: Tony Shaloub?” yeah that's the guy
GM, lemme know how that works for you
yall still on the road ?
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
I know It will take a Xmas miracle for TU to win. Just really want Blankenship to do well.
Check my background fareal !!! You already know, I Get DOWN!!!
That moment when you realize you've lost your phone
Well, it's only taken me...45 minutes to write the intro to this paper I'm writing for my Child Development class. #FML -_-
Here we go,,,Wade will win
You're the baudelaire of our time, Jennifer Love Hewitt ...
Venice beach
Great start to Easter! Service at National Cathedral, Brunch at Chef Geoff's, and off to THE West Wing for tour later!
#112_Minutes on #History is taking my breath away right now. #Whoa #Remembering9/11
Is it just me, or does Guillermo Mota kinda look like Raekwon?
At #NSTA12? Check out some of the 18 sessions presented by our Fellows! Also, stop by Booth #1832 to say hi!
HubSpot’s implementation of the Sales and Marketing SLA has led to a number of positive results
hope so!
Can someone find and post a speech to get me hyped up for the Pens game please? I have been looking all day!
Oh , your #followers are about to triple now that the backstage article came out! haha
Off of work and ready to go to Vegas!
I hate when the funny Tweeters tweet stupid sponsor ads and stuff.
Hoping for some Timmy Ho's coffee tomorrow morning maybe....
Lmfao don't make me shit myself, bitch. Get off the Internet you ignorant cunt.
Working today & tomorrow then I get to see my girl tomorrow evening!
Great movie! OK. Here is what you should do: 1) Keep watching that movie. 2) Move to DC. Yes?
it's okay...there's nothing..
Some "Bieber" fans are so fucking stupid! Immature assholes !
You were AMAZING at Spin last night, esp your money kills art speech. #fuckyeah Absolut Vodka's worst nightmare.
You're welcome! We are doing good. We've just been busy writing alot of new songs lately. How are you?
prize #1 Caboodles Pro Cosmetic Case filled with Johnson's beauty products $60 value
Thanks Elaine!
All Glory Comes From Daring To Begin...
that's right!
I guess I finally need to figure out what I'm supposed to do about all these Google+ notifications. The interface is still a mystery to me.
Hey Amy! Thanks for stopping by yesterday. We hope your Monday is off to a great start -- any big plans for the week?
Pizzeria UNO on NJ-73 is advertising its tap lineup for Beer Week.
oh wow!!!! Tht must hurt!
I can't believe the day is over already
Hanging with with the BFFs from ASCEND
To all of those going to the #FancyFoodShow.... What days are you planning on going???
De-bloating my … thank the maker for the "edit all pages/bookmarks" … makes the task decidedly less tedious.
Uh, did anyone else feel that?
better win rookie of the year, cause I just voted a lot and almost froze my phone lol ;p
no not this year. Are U?
I deserve more than mediocre happiness; its about time i got over this.
Extending the Digital Leather contest for one more day! Reply with your favorite track off Modern Problems, win a free copy of the LP!
Why do I always get stuck sitting next to crazy woman on the train demanding a $3 refund from the Metra customer service dept?
In Memory of R.E.M., "I am. I am. I am Superman and I can do anything!" Thank You for being a great inspiration to Me to Play Music!
just read it....lololololol
running errands today Steven, I'll pass anything I like down the road :)
Couldn't keep up with the Cupid Shuffle tonight.
Really interesting developments “: Attending "Library's Swiss Army Knife: Using smart phones for info discovery..." #acrl2011”
Losing my mind at this moment.
I offer free Google Places setup with any new social media contract. This is great info!
id be bullied into the ground though
LOL so true. one's saltyness creates some great euphoria for the Opponent
come find me when you get in the building
your not that old zac.
How 'bout them Tigers, jackass?
Social media data interesting. Friends - indifferent when I follow a museum, but influenced when I visit an exhibition?
that's awesome! thanks for the support! :)
If you don't want your salad chopped, I don't want to know you.
what is it?
RT : Thing is, if Klout didn't exist, someone would have to invent it. The urge to quantify the unquantifiable is too strong.
#Nf thanks for the Follow!
Getting off for a while...bye
ALWAYS... stupid fucking people have NO IDEA how hockey works.
Some of the take always from #NABShow for me: Sliders, sliders & more sliders. 4K cinema is old news bring on 5K! (1/???) cont.
#NeverApologizeFor being yourself. if people don't like you that's their problem not yours (:
RIP Guru. "If I wasn't kickin' rhymes I'd be kickin' down doors, creatin' social change and defending the poor." Gang Starr forever.
Best way to end say nite, nite: w/ and a drink from
because hackers don't take defense department money? :)
:) im happy too cause we got fight of the year comin up on saturday
"Can I let the sky fill what's missing in? Can I let my mouth do the listening?"
To everyone that has supported our little BBQ business Thank you! We very much appreciate it.
I love being at school for 8hrs with no AC!
Baby turn da lights off.... when I go down its a private party
Make decisions about future based on what you know now, not what you’ve already sunk.
hope you and all the museums on the East Coast make it through #Irene this weekend. Are you staying in WDC?
metropolitan lanes. The old run & shoot
Must go see blink182 and MCR concert!
“: hello loving the pic keep the good music going”_TYVM!
i'm just now hearing about you today, you doing good?
Danny I hate you
Ask about out weekend #summer #wedding room blocks at the brand new Roger #Hotel!
Anyone know how's the wifi in heaven?
haha yea ok I'm not that bad...7AM is probably the time I have to be up at on weekdays because of school
#FF ~> "Never Under-Estimate A Woman With Fierce Ambition."
In love with my new car =) her name is honey <3
- uh huh, the same fed reserve that begged 4 big bank bailouts. Yep, they have a lot of credibility on financial issues nowadays.
#nowwatching Ice Loves Coco. Love this show.
Just finished signing 1 of the day, thanks to all our new fans for stopping by!
NEW ICON
follow me please?:)
Please notice me kim!!! please
One In The Chamber 11-1 <U+0001F61C>
Ordered the fight like mayweather tonight
Any parking recommendations for those going to The Hooley on Saturday?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME..you are AMAZING, you have such a unique voice, I cried watching your elimination and I just wish you won<U+2665>2
you have family in vzla? You're from costa rica right?
I like to measure the degree of my messiness to the level of my creativity. My husband doesn't agree...
LaGuardia is old, small & crappy, limited ground transport into city. JFK is better. I prefer Newark, taking train into Penn.
If Juwan Keep This Upp Then
You need a bathing suit for each day of the week! #packlight GET WET Pool Party with BORIS and Friends...
Happy Thanksgiving - Take time to count your blessings and to be nice to the dysfunctional family members and friends who are joining you.
yeah :) & you never text me!
Just knowing that i have no worries about tomorrow is a fucking relief!
Wasn't Whitlock a Heat fan at the start of the season?
#GritAndBalls RT : That one hurts. Like Garnett's 28-14-5 in Game 6 wasn't enough of a kick in the teeth for Gearon and Co.
i bet you will fall asleep on me tonight
Nice video! Hahahahahaha classic. Surprised that didn't happen to me a few times when I had the Celica.
you should send me some pics!
._. I love food
You serving up any homebrew for the Super Bowl this year?
Fergie's face looks likes she smoked 200 cartons of cigarettes and then sucked a lemon.
S/O to my dude on gettin inked up today! Happy birthday man!
it froze, but I didn't hang up.
Track your rainmaking efforts and measure the results for it is the only way you can have certain knowledge of is and is not working
- It has been over a week since you gave me an update on the $. Please advise asap!
#ShoutOutToo her twitcon is pretty ^_^ guys follow her!
Lust for Life
please follow back?! It would make my day 10x better(:
*Groan RT George R.R. Martin in Rolling Stone: 200 pages done out of 1500 in Winds of Winter.
Thanks for RT
I love the three pricing options, are you going to have them for all future EVOLVE/DGUSA PPVs?
Speaker asks Council to also protect "ex-gays" from discrimination
I just saw a flyer for that at Four Seasons on Saturday! Too bad I'm out of town that day, I'd love to spectate.
How do u do this?
It would be cool if u can explain 2 me wht I know & wht I need to know to get whr I want to go :) perhaps ovr a pint or coffee
feel free to add us to your restaurant listing. thanks!
i can't believe the snow actually stuck
Bitches are so trashy... Even on Easter! Lol... SMH #WhenIsGarbageDay?
Deb Ayers great answer to age old q of osb vs mediator - if composite has just a mediator in it, prob not using technology way Oracle would
YOur always welcome. ^^
Amen!! RT : A lot of great things happening in #culinary and #hospitality in #Indy! Keep up the great work everyone!
great to hear u on air again w/ best analyst in the bizz best of luck to ya!
goodnight to you! You are awesome
why would you do that?!
it's a wonderful day cause it is your birthday
Think they know what WTF means? MT: Marine Corps: Soldiers who posed with Nazi flag thought SS symbol stood for sniper scouts
With pics before in Eden Park
Thanks for the follow!
Make the decision, make it whit confidence, and the World will be yours!!!
I'm a huge fan of and Many many more
At lake worth sub station
I cant wait to watch movies and eat food all night with
I cannot live without books. - Thomas Jefferson
whatever thanks for following me !! :) so come out with a show again my ass is bored !
Just got out my keyboard after throwing away 8 yrs of classical training. I am 50. I think I'm hopeless. Theory is HARD!
“: Thanks for the #FF with these smart, lovely ladies: !”
oh yeah hahahahaha i totally forgot whoops... :P
well. thats what happens when i run with old running shoes. I GOT NEW ONES TODAY IN THE MAIL THOUGH.
Fitch just downgraded his credibility to junk.
I don't mean to offend people ... That's not my intention
Bin Laden's biggest mistake: Not reading his smartphone contract thereby allowing them to track him. From now on it's payphones for me!
What am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you?
Brotha its Manning Monday, I can't wait to celebrate. RT : We got this PM coming to DEN!!!
The sight of Don Draper air humping Justin Beiber on last nights SNL short was pretty classic.
I like to play tennis and golf
yay margarita monday!
Looking for alternatives to YouTube? Try Shelby.tv or VHX.tv, which also provides video feeds from your social networks.
Fighting high gas prices by riding the this weekend. #LA-->#SD #summaplans #travel #vacation <U+0001F689><U+0001F3CA>
Tnx for the follows, mentions, and RTs!
#MM Keeping Metal Alive in #Nashville >>
I am becoming obsessed w/ the #client list!!!!
grocery shopping with the madre(:
Happy Valentines Day everybody, and Happy 1st Day Ever on the Radio Day for me! Thanks Tom Pappas!
wow. just wow.
don't feel bad but happy to give it to him #therewardsofgiving try it!
i been blessed...bought a new truck....premium gas sucks lol.....high azz hell. Didnt kno it uses premium til after
I definitely would! Thanks for the tip
I'm going to be up in like six hours, I should prob go to sleep now..
Anyone out there know any NEBU engineers in the Northeast? Send them my way!
Good afternoon guys! Whats up? I'm talking with my friends and drinking a Pepsi Lemon. This is a SUPER addictive!
Now we've got 1,069 fans and a show with Craig Owens! We're so thankful for everyone who supports this band!
“: Does anyone else feel really weird and awkward when a dog just stares and watches you eat?! Lol <U+0001F601>” no
Me: "You could make the ziti!" Brother: "No I can't! I can't boil water...it didn't turn out right." Me: "..."
Riesling with fresh, juicy, HUGE blackberries = perfectly delish! Esp after dinner of tilapia, asparagus & sweet pot. fries!
Homelessness has become a huge reality in Florida. The numbers are high due to the fact the weather is tolerable. Unlike North Dakota......
Open Positions: Java Software Engineer Microsoft Exchange Consultant Lync Deployment Engineer Notes to Exchange Migration Specialist
Dooode I want it! Where is it! Lol
- please retweet fund link, thank you!!
Thanks for a terrific conference TIE! Enjoyed meeting lots of new online colleagues from South Dakota and neighboring states.
Going out to happy our after work. In my mind I'm already there and yes it's only 9:45am.
Newsletter: The Appeal of Adjustable Rates – Reported by The New York Times
I'm erasing all the unwanted drama out of my life, because at the end of the day all I'm trying to be is happy.
What #soccer coaches say vs. what soccer players hear: 2-0 IS THE MOST DANGEROUS LEAD IN SOCCER. = Whatever! That's so stupid!
lol my own to king
Who do you guys think A is on pretty little liars?
So, I was asked to review a poetry book prior to publication. Always honored someone thinks enough of my work to ask. Will post on my blog.
but do they look cool? that's all that matters... ha
Happy Birthday ( a little late ) !!! Have a safe trip ;)
RT : What are your thoughts on the Super Bowl? Did you think it was an exciting game? Did your team win? Ours did!
Our DP Mike just strapped a GoPro Camera to his head as he ziplined down a mountain over looking a lake
When mind and heart come together, mind serves Consciousness instead of serving itself. David Icke
Great article in Star on Ron Johnson from NCHS. Needs a nickname tho. How about The Stereo Salesmen or The Dugout King?
Shops downtown are boarding up their windows and the hippies /hipsters ate out in full force downtown. Uggh.
We don't have the power but we never say never <3
: When we get to the point where people are getting bored of spaceflight, that's a mark of success.
Swedish Fish Taco RT Lana Del Taco
Hey whats up? <Be.YOU.tiful>
how much of The Hunger Games' popularity do you think is related to Survivor?
my slime got his bike permit the other day shit was 23bucks
to "No guy ever says a 1 liner to a girl." Kevin: "I do." Caolan: "Works for you bc you're beautiful."
Loving working on the campaign for #SDMayor12 so much fun!
We can talk but money talks, so talk mo' bucks!!!!
Oh God, ;p RT : that was just my warm-up lol!
Wishing our great state of #NM a happy 100th birthday!
well thanks stacey lol and kes we need to pick one and start training :)
Morning! Work in a little bit!
So nice on the deck tonight! Enjoying a Big Woods Busted Knuckle ale and a Kobe Burger.
Sound wave from shuttle launch arrived after shuttle was out of site. Kind of neat to here rumble for 20 seconds after no visual.
Good Morning and Happy Monday to all from Lonestar Delivery & Process here in Houston, TX!! We're ready to serve YOU!! 877-527-5737
education system dumbing us down. Media lying to us speeading falsehood, false doctrine creepin in...
Nice feel to your playing.Thanks for the follow.
#NFL Players Assn. appears to be doing everything it can for me to lose interest in pro football.
Girardi doesn't like Andy..maybe jealousy
As long as there are tests and final exams, there will be prayer in schools.
#Contagion with #MattDamon was amazing! Now I'm paranoid and investing in Purel!
no problem girl
GOOD LUCK with your FIDM interview! You'll do amazing! We'll have lots of celebrating to do in the bahamas!!
thanks for the follow! Look forward to your tweets!
I thought so. Coming from Hawaii. THX.
Congrats at the VMAs tonight!!!!!! You definatley deserved it!!! Proud to be a #belieber<3 Love and support u ALWAYS!!!!!<333
Day one a success
we can't wait!
Don't forget, we will be at the TN State Fair at 7:00 on Thurs. Come get yourself a corndog!
I hope we go out to eat tonight.
Honey Cocaine is a G...got shot last week and she's performing at the show. Swag lol
I get in late Wednesday. Let's hangout Thursday during the day, I have nothing to do!
Can't afford a coach but want to work w/one? Contact me. I'm putting together a group coaching program that will be affordable for everyone.
Don't lose it in the first quarter. Win it in the fourth.
then let's hang and play some games. Haha
For Leap Day, we are cleaning JUMPsuits, for free! Bring em in, to EcoClean, 2915 Gualalupe, til 7 pm
Do you know what to ask your lender for before giving him/her any money?
For day parking head to the Rich Conv Center Garage @ 3rd & Marshall $6 and you can stay all day.
Will write another study... But working on a book for now :)
i've been pronouncing it one-q-eighty-four.
Aw you are so sweet, Merry Christmas chica:)! I put a Christmas vid up for everyone:)! Hope you love:)!
Do the good guys really finish last?
#ColtsTeamDocsVIP contest about to close more than 20 entries already some great photos!
im home already duh wbu?
Regeton < one of the reasons I hate cuban parties -_-
If I can convince myself to clean the kitchen and living room, I will be allowed to sew. First cleaning, then sewing.
Off to PJ's first piano recital!
What is on Christina Aguilera's head??
are you really that mad? -__-
The trouble with life isn't that there is no answer, it's that there are so many answers.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 107
Send them a creepy message, whoever it is!
My Heat boys need to stop playing around.
Right On Beautiful i'll watch :) We love it when your on :) besos
amen <U+0001F64C> RT : Life is fucking good rite now!
(this series only.)
Rendezvous! Excellent choice for some Memphis style dry rub ribs!
"Jesus the name that charms our fears, that bids our sorrows cease; 'tis music in the sinner's ear, 'tis life, and health, and peace."
hashtag is # wcma (With a "c." I made same mistake, which is why I saw your tweets.)
says if wasn't for me, it would just be aweso
luv you too
#chsconf: preconf more basic than expected. Not sure if this is where the bar is or where the LCD is. Or bcz it was a repeat of last year?
Ah, yes. There's the Chicagoland winter we've all been waiting for!
Seriously? To commute? Well, you better watch the drinks after 5. That's quite a little drive out to the country.
Econ Dev? Hunter focused revitalization fund. McDuffe seems best thought out for development.
RT: "How are you going to ask that question this close to Cinco de Mayo?" Good point. Especially on LA.
I need to grind down some burrs on the chassis before I can finish my amp project.
Never shall a tone that is not earthen grace my wardrobe.
wow, can't believe it's already time for school shows again. i kind of miss it. #foreverhorton #bittersweet good luck to all my dancers. :)
im going to have to disagree with that
very impressive article in the WSJ magazine. Congrats!
Century 21 Real Estate LLC is the franchisor of the world's largest residential real estate sales organization.
trying to find consensus on industry "best practices" is proving more challenging than I anticipated.
no way! I could've sword she's like 16
early morning sunshine and getting the blood pumping.
Laying here still thinking about wut could be, wut should be, better yet wut would be if things were different -_-
Thank you!
U.S. Stocks accelerated their losses in the final minutes of trading to finish near lows Wednesday, pressured by lackluster #tech earnings.
The job fair begins 10am for veterans & military families at Compuware HQ in downtown #Detroit. Opens for general public 11am.
They gon love me for my ambition.
Some people just cant handle chi town.
Thanks for the RT!
Met the guys from Rogue Shard Design (). Nice guys, and some cool stuff on their reel.
color scheme... burnt orange & chocolate brown...
no not yet because I don't have a victorian collar:/ ideas? I want to though....
So far going to Atlanta, Seattle and Kentucky this summer :) stoked!!!!
New career services and universities following : (Dillard), , , (USC-Beaufort).
Given the chance I can do anything! That's just how I'm wired.
Lewis black for president #commonsense>political b.s.
I just finished a 4.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
no its not, I havent seen that ...
Lovely! RT : "An optimist is the human personification of spring!" -Susan J Bissonette. Nice day to soak up sun and read poetry
trivia is NEVER STUPID
GOD I HATE HAPPY PEOPLE IN LOVE.
The emphasis on student loans&education is relative to an opportunity existing? The MS democratic party is the most ineffectual I know.TBR
Can you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby ? :D
I love you, Nick P. Hardin. You're so fucking amazing. :)
My dad asked me to go out to dinner with them for mothers day but his gf looked pissed at the idea so I jus stayed home! Whatever!!
I had a job-interview-via-Skype for the first time last month. The funny thing is, I was only a block away from where the interviewers were!
Cause just like the clouds my eyes will do the same if you walk away every day it will rain, rain, raaaa-a-a-ain.
wish he would wake up -_-
"He was extremely informative on all aspects of the 2 models we were specifically interested in. We test drove both models and he was so...
The Princess and the Frog is on ((= *yay* ^_^
it's a contract thing, expiring at the end of the month as well as having a very old phone. How long to wait for this year's?
Thank you for the mention, Marine. Have a great Thursday!
Party tonight ;)
Those shows are a waste of time and space and effort
Who needs 20 babies? Seriously. god willing or not.
INSECURE MUTHAFUCKAS RUIN RELATIONSHIPS! 'baby too dark to be mine" "we only did it ONE time" "I cant have a male/female child" REALLY?
Chris King from Agency.com will speak at in Milwaukee on Feb 23 #ttlmke www.thinktanklive.com
$$$$$$ RT : If it was so bad why did D'Qwell Jackson stay & then break down at his presser when talking about Holmgren?
That +1 is me! We'd love to attend if you'd release more tix! cc:
Slow cooking.
hungry den a muddafucka
Azad Right delivers "Alone," the first new video from his upcoming project Time Is Right: Deluxe Edition , which is due
- and I enjoyed seeing you at the #goodnews event.
yoU guys should follow for all the stuff he does for u guys.
if Niall is smoking i don't care, if he wants, well, he can do it. I'm going to support him anyways :)
I gotta pee so bad.
Awww It's soo adorable! Unlike you :p
Pre-qualify to win the prize pak library listen & win .com
My mom finally ordered my internal hard drive for my laptop, yes!
MY GIRLFRIEND BEING A ASSHOLE I need convo people
When a subject becomes totally obsolete we make it a required course
I heard he was a nibbler tho when people see him cause he gets so excited!
Way to go! Sorensen will be great for you!
Consider parking in front of our gallery soon. Good parking at New York Av betw 9th & 10th. Happy to cross promote!
All the crap I just got in the kitchen for heating up tofu, you'd think I was eating small children.
Great teachers and coaches must also be great motivators.
at the ABQ Art Museum is doing something in the sculpture garden, I believe.
sick get a room and don't tweet stupid things
im gon send my bestfrann off to prom in 10 mo days
What a wonderful class it was tonight in Las Vegas the students in the Broadway audition seminar were remarkable. Thank you Cindi Rush!
Wow! Matthew 6 in The Message translation... Steep your life in God-reality...
tomorrow is monday....already. ugh
Money talks bullshit walks
thanks! A little nervous about being a student again, but it'll be good :)
Exactly Again!
#beats I make hip hop club and R&B that may
thank you!
Adding lots of #Carhartt flannel to the website, when I see flannel I think of...Red Green & Al Borland
Cabin in the Woods synopsis: weird. Eerie. Unexpected. Twisted. Not-all-that-scary (but still made me jumpy). Weird.
through and hand-add. despite the fact that they clearly had those figures to determine other figures. its just bizarre!
Kyas music is on... TOO FUCKIN LOUD.. But the cops was just vibin with it.. Hand out the window and everything <U+0001F602><U+0001F602>
I like the
Girls distance medley set the school record again last night!
I love you asshole
Love is about equality
have a great move to Seattle! Welcome! You are going to love it! Excited to have people like you in our city!
the last time this happened i was dropped like a burning match i dont want to make this about me. but im scared. Mostly worried about you.
Thanks for the follow! I love what you guys do!
“: Nothing says summer style quite like " Her bright colors and fun patterns scream summer to me.
a 9 ft russian catfish
Yes! We have our #webstore up and running! Check out www.sperantsa.com and get a hat for hope! Help out Romanian families in need
April has been FULL of blessings and opportunities. My best so far this year. Thank you
cool right! Pretty famous apparently and I didn't even know my friend runs it! So sweet!
Getting close to 100 likes! Maybe we'll do something special for the Rabid Facebooker that becomes our
I think its hilar...especially since we aren't twitter friends,lol.
vents out of code. When people cook or do laundry it comes into our apt. Horrible. He said there's no code and no case. Lies.
"People begin to become successful the minute they decide to be."
Cool. I'll have to check it out.
No thank YOU! Congrats again! RT“: Thanks to all our Supporters and we couldn't have done it without New Orleans!”
If you say you're cooler than me... Doesn't that make me hotter than you?
my niece just listed me as her aunt on fb, and suddenly I'm feeling like I'm 20 y.o. older *koprol*.
i dont like school
I was beyond fucked up lol that was this weekend at the tellys
Working on a project w/ JM & Nick...missing the rest of the boys of AG crew
Are you Looking for a way to Manage your Social Media Presence? Call (267)-592-2972
Every defeat, every heartbreak,every loss,contains its own seed,its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time. -O. Mandino
your new twitcon is really cute :)
:O Thats A Waste of Cake.
Nice to meet you too. Yep, that's me... always ready to give some blog love ;)
The smell of gasoline will never leave my hand.
Some guy asked me today whats so good about drake + I was like bitch plssssss, coleworld
Concentrate on yourself & your genuine friends. Never lose yourself to ppl who only know how to talk shit & obsess about their problems
"shipwreck of love"
It's funny how some guys talk the talk but can't walk the walk
so please, don't forget to call, & let me know you're doing just fine.. miles & miles away from me..
I Heard someone talking about when you see auras, you see colors. I said, "really? I thought that meant I was just dehydrated."
As a daily user/browser/drooler over your site and apps, congratulations on your 3 #Webby win!
RT : You become what you measure. - Neil Young
Today is Haiti's second anniversary of 7.0 earthquake. Still close to a million Haitians live in tents.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. ~Aristotle Onassis
7th grade Mr. Harwerth, good memories (:
Stoked by the unbelievably POSITIVE response of all our fans on the pick-up. We'll make the wait so worth it!
But reflecting on Badiou's article today in Le Monde, can any left victory possibly be an anti-racist, an anti-colonial victory?
Bridlewood is a must-do. Gainey and Firestone can be good too
Thanks for the follow. We're definitely fans of your #art Paolo.
Today I saw a chevy mini van on chrome 22s. MLINY
I am super hungry! What's for lunch? :)
So tired.
Customer service is not a department, it's an attitude!
#Fringe season 4 marathon (again) till I drop! bye!
Lowepro Edit 130 Video Bordeaux Nice bag for the price ...
solid. Glad you are enjoying!
Mercedes killed that song. So good
honey pie.
“: CANT WAIT FOR EDC!!!!!!!” I want to come this year!
Can't sleep now!
Seriously can't get out of bed to go to work... ah ):
RT - That's how we do it, Cleveland!! Only down by 3 runs now!!! lol
Omg! wait. JUSTIN is in NYC ??!
Sioure To release New #SEO Strategies Increase conversions
Thanks so much. This is my way of trying to give back.
If karma could dance, she'd tango forever.
Boyfriend is my jam #InLove<3
+..|+_ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
May or may not have just gotten stuck in mud...temporarily
Victory! RT : relinquishing the handle for you guys after a long spell away from Twitter. Do wonderful things!
When we are in need of healing, the breath is the first place we should look, not the last.
Excuse me as I get naked and take a shower.
When writing a tweet for Twitter: Proofread 12-15 times. When writing an essay for school: Proofread -2 times.
When is it cool to spend too much money improving or maintaining your house? Never---
..new kids on the block had a bunch of hits; chinese food makes me sick ;)
DEVINE REBEL - BrewDog and Mikkeller team up. At City Beer.
First ADDYs of the night go to , ,
Spending a week or two wit my baby this summer >>>>>
Atleast I tried. Can you say the same?
At terminal Logan Airport.... So peaceful and calm, everything hassle free, at my gate within 20 mins. Amazing!!!
“: *If you have time to tweet, but not to text me back, I hate you.” agreed!!!!! :)
Think it! See it! Hear it! Feel it. It will be yours
Ironically, Packers fans are probably thrilled that Aaron Rodgers lost to Calvin Johnson in the Madden '13 cover vote.
Book discussion on "Enrique's Journey" TONIGHT at College Library, Room 1193, from 7-8pm. Stop by before Sonia Nazario's visit on 10/27.
Headed to Brews & Bites in Who's comin!?
Did I really fuck up by not getting the foams? Def had a chance to cop for retail.. Passed.. Should u shoot myself ?
Hey did you guys take down the pictures of the posters that had been vandalized?
Back from shanghai ! pics will be up soon
clearly ya'll have earned it.
Watching raw #wwe :D
Struggling to tie a ribbon on the one gift I have to wrap myself (my wife's). "This should be simple," I think. "Pretend you're tying a...
good to be back from CO. Great trip. Ready to hit the ground running now. But really, enough with the snow.
Loving the new username
The girl across the table whom I'm trying to sketch keeps on shuffling.
The Heart Is a Lonely Fisher-and-Trapper
ILL show tonight
Brainstorming. Been skeptical of 4% annual salary assumption in SDCERS that doesn't reflect history & ups liability. [+]
This quarterback trading is like an ongoing domino effect, now what will happen to Mark Sanchez? Will it ever end?
star trek enterprise done! in total must have seen 500+ STrek eps!! hope sthing of value is going into the subconscious.
Enough of this nonsense. I'm switching to
your priorities apparently need to be evaluated
Aw, thx Luce! MT : A terrifically fun nite thx 2 a fab audience, a clever cast ,& a host w/the most ()!
H.O.R here i come
Can't wait for the Manchester derby today! Less than an hour until the 7:45 am eastern kickoff.
I GOT MY WHITE BITCH!!
I'm telling ya...the #ravens defense just got better. And that's scary.
I #BELIEVE that will notice me #SOMEDAY!!<3
your going to be an actor are well im 100 percent will be a director but are you a boy or girl cause wait till people see thismov e
I've been doing just fine with you out of my life and I plan to keep it that way (:
I am now an honorary member of the Ten Faces of She, Sphere of Sisters. :)
I"d never seen Scott Pilgrim vs. The World, but this is a pretty okay movie.
yea, it's where ur focus needs to b : )
I built a school garden with a 1st grade class today.It was amazing to hear their excitement for learning & see the team building
you and are so pretty! I'm jealous!! :)
Can this day be over already? I'm ready for some of delicious snacks, one that is cold and Ink!
should follow me back!
AUSTIN plz follow me
REMINDER: Adrienne L. Martin will be lecturing on animal interactions in early modern Spanish lit one week from now in the Jones Rm at 4:30.
sneak a pic for us...I dare you
Hope you feel better!
there's final cut pro, avid, and imovie does okay for basic stuff
Food & Beverage Professionals! Visit/ski/learn!-Denver's #chefscon Chefs Conference, "Building Your Restaurant Name" Speaker: Gerry...
will you follow me.?(:
#bartrivia tonight at
Have you ever had mad cow disease?
check out my new novel have a read on my blog x Thank you for following
question is it over all big ten record to win the leg and leaders or just record in between your own division
I really want to live-tweet my trip to Europe but I don't want to pay roaming data charges.
Thanks for the follow. Loving you music. My new EP will be out in June "Miss Texas" #KeepinitCountry Hope you like it!
This speech of Obama's is just the same tired old B.S. he has been spewing since he got elected. Obama is a curse on America, and a FRAUD!
Is it bad that it ticks me off when ppl go the speed limit?Why do they take their time? Looking at all the beautiful Columbus construction?
I want to be the girl who makes your bad days better, and the one that makes you say " my life has changed since I met her ". (:
Almost forgot #withoutshoes. Removing now that my meeting is done. Drive home & salon trip will be awkward.
65-67 degrees, mainly cloudy. Prfct walking weather :0) RT : what's weather going to be like in Little Italy 4 Art Walk?
is wiggin' out about his new comp: 15" macbook pro 1st gen (for sure!). i am sure i will look back on this day as a "game changer"
41% of American children are on the free and reduced-price lunch program. Something has to change.
No validation for you!
#Books, #Sci-Fi , #Space, #SpiritLance , #Sam , #Stump , #Tank , #Julie , #NativeAmericanIndian.All point to my book series.
next weekend #itson #itson get the patron and tell em that its on
The way to a man's heart is food
My twitter app fuckin up & I'm getting irked
niggas be payin child support like some dummies... nigga u rich just dip out the country
Charles what now?
And then sometimes the littlest things can turn your day around 180 degrees. :-)
Crest whitening strips in ma mouffff
Praying for those in Japan.
": ain't heard from u!"u did forgot the ATL drop Shawty ;-(
rt u gone have to catch my followers n da streets #aintNOTHINGchange but them #'$ && number don't lie
CHICKEN TAQUITOS! crispy flour tortillas stuffed w/ chicken,Jack cheese,topped with tomatoes, Cotija Mexican cheese, sour cream&guacamole!
21 sold 20+ million as of April. Thriller has sold 110 million worldwide to date. Piracy is killing the industry.
Send the FatNoMoSho a :30 clip using your phone of how YOU work out! It'll air on the next episode!!! Email
Did you hear that this week they announced he's going national!
Wanna know why you get no girls? Because you call girls bitches&ho's. Show some respect and you might get somewhere.
I am pleased and honored to be awarded The MacDowell Colony Fellowship
I was expecting another outfit...
believe team not actively being shopped.
I'm trying just can't understand why so many people don't see thanks 4yourcomment
Tannehill looks great as a backup. Cousins has great awareness and could be a starter.
Going out to get all the #desserts I can for Boston Bakes! The journey begins shortly!
Want to gallery sit Great Gifts @ The Bridge this December? Tweet @ me. Must commit to at least 2 shifts to get the 30% discount.
Sad: the realization that you are too old to handle the crowded bars. At 7:00 pm.
Thank you, for the exquisite Little Red print. It's just stunning.
Sorting out & organizing the people I follow...looks like it's going to take a while...a multi-day project...at least i have lil scrappy :)
haven't been up in the chopper yet!
Will catch Lucinda Williams at House of Blues on 3/9. She played the Orpheum a few years back and was absolutely kickin'!
I've never been so disappointed..
Thanks for the follow. Love your hair and your twitter wallpaper - cheerful!
Thanks for the RT.
Gardening! Remind me again why this is fun??
same... >.> the only cute ones I have were SUPER FRIKKEN expensive
MIDDAY TODAY: David Cordish casino talks about proposed gambling expansion & why, of course, he opposes it
ah I hope so !!
I'd like to talk with you about using one of your photos for a book cover.
we see you... let us know if there's anything you need from us-
#ThingsMyExSaid I love you #ThingsISaid I think we should break up...
I AM giving away your $200 GC to at #WarmBellies Twitter party 2night! 7 pm ET Can't wait!
RT if you have a imstagram,facebook keek,youtube and of course twitter!!!!!!! of course i have all them LIKE A BOSS(:
... I see what you did there.
Maybe I could use one when I'm up on the top of my ladder cleaning windows!
I am curious as to how folks define social media beyond Twitter/Facebook. E-newsletters? Wikipedia? Blogs?
“: glad to see ya back on the news! Right in the onions! Classic!” -- thanks Brandon. I really felt bad for the ump :)
RT : Having a blast! rockin' it tonight! .... Thanks for calling! WTF!
When I grow up, I fully intend to own a closet full of #Louis Vuitton and #Louboutin. That is, of course, after my dream trip to #Paris. <3
they always threatening me.lol
1975 Print Ad Converse 39The Winner39 Tennis Shoes for SEARS- tennis shoes
On our way home from a beer bar and restaurant tour of NYC. Found lots of fun ideas. What's your favorite beer bar?
I know someone who is great at crafting but hasn't blogged in a whle. She does paper crafts, sewing, quilting, jewelry-making...
I'll take dealing w/ white trash over he snot bag event I had to put up w last night any day.
In Montreal working on Blue Mt state with my old friend Ed Marinaro..Having a great time...Hot and Humid here..WOW
I've seen the movies! But whatever, he's happy without all the money :D
Happy Bday The Queen of the Universe,the one only Madonna!
At FL410 I get an epiphany. The only reason I subscribe to the MJS is because of the sports writers.
More and more happy hour lovers are using our app ( www.gotime.com/mobile ) to find HH!! Is your happy hour in our directory? www.gotime.com
Are any of u excited of any movie that will be on theaters in 2012? Please tell me!!!
That's right
a ha! just figured it out! LOVE this thing!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Starbucks (K12) - Starbucks (live updates)
I like what George Lucas does. He generates hella bank, but then he builds his own non-Hollywood creative empire.
hey man that looks really interesting...
I saw you outside of Minetta Tavern (across from my apt at the time) a couple years ago. It was an exciting moment for me ~
yeah im italian and my dads a head chief its in the blood
Isabel says I smell really good so she has her nose on my arm just smelling me lol cx
I should have mentioned I thought your gas joke was funny.
FATHER GOD I BEEN BETRAYED!! TURNED ON... FEEL LIKE THEY BEAT ME LIKE A SLAVE! MIND GONE..
Happy Labor Day Weekend! from team #CandySwipe -
Should not be this tired
Sitting in Business Ethics wishing I was outside or in the gym. Gonna rock out to some when I go out.
Congratulations on winning the Wells Fargo Championship in Charlotte! You are awesome :)
You two awesome designers should meet irl sometime if you already haven't. :)
Great #health&wellness retreat with all of our Executive Directors this week in Cullowhee, NC, at NCCAT. Built to lead, built to last.
may your neighbors respect you, trouble neglect you, angels protect you, and heaven accept you
Lily Donaldson cut me in line at FedEx today but she's so gorgeous that I didn't care.
Will the Bruins be playing "Black and Yellow" for the next 4 months until the start of next season?
Lol !“: Life's to short to hide feelings. So don’t be afraid to tell people how u feel. You never know if they feel the same.”
RT : Same state. :) RT : Governor Christie just called crowd Milwaukee. Oops. You're in Green Bay.
Sounds like the same great place to live that I left over 1.5yrs ago:)
Worst day of my life today.....
very disappointing. I still love my Phaedra tho:-)
way to come back usa!
Pourin gin in my trippy cup
Happy Friday everyone! :o)
they don't look like they have any social going on....
RT : Mark your calendars now... the next #MkeMvc meeting will be on 5/19 (a Wednesday) at 6:00PM Topic will be "Better MVC with IoC"
my computer and it tells me later the dog could not be synced because it does not exist loool. Pisses me off.
love you too and it off
We had a directors meeting and made some great decisions regarding parties! That's important, too! ;)
oh shitaskies! Do you think I could recruit some at the candy store?
Hahaha! He threw the skateboard in the bushes
ok, im done. some of those were too good not to share
Fantastic - I'll keep an eye-out. Looks like a great class!
coming through in a big way tonight with a tribute to #LevonHelm. You will be missed Brother Levon.
Maybe the wife and I will slow down just enough to watch Fellow #Atlanta Moviemaker
Hey! How are you doing?
you can use twitter karma to keep followers and delete unfollowers and grow your reach and quota ;)
R/T in the building wit
Vegas .... Success
Good Morning Farmers...Swing by today & say Hello to your fellow Farm friends.
you stole that DRAMA line from me, i tweeted it days ago and you should have RTd from me ;)
nobody but Freddy himself and Adam should sing Queen
We need a male and female #Model to participate in a coed wedding shoot. don't have to be married, jus open message for
Follow Healthy Hair products people each and every friday were to pick up your hair samples at.
I don't want to say "I told you so", and I don't want to speak too soon, but look outside! Is that sun?!
No there is no limit! Send as many as you would like! Also recommend to friends so they can submit #videos as well!
Chris Harnick: 'The Good Wife' Recap: From 'The Penalty Box' To The Dark Side
Wow, today is my last day in libraries! Good memories of lots of awesome people, now time for new adventures and new awesome people!
"Enjoy"-If that was what it was all about,it sure would cut down on the info glut;But gotta know "other side"
im riding around in im getting it.
Hey phil ima grinder... Ilive a block from the strip. Can I came watch on the rail?
ya so funny! I love how they are so naturally awkward:)
still in school and im so bored.....someone help me from this horror!!!!!!!!
#Top10Lies I only had to go on the #MauryShow #OneTime to find out who my #BabyDaddy is...
where were u looking into getting another job ?
Legend of Korra episode 2 with a side of grilled cheese sandwich. Yes please.
You should text me<3<3
I feel such a lack of high school musical
Yep. My eyelids hurt. Make it stop.
You ready?
love to my Homies
If you don't know who #Joshua Ledet is....you will. I'm excited about the music to come.
The last time I gave a shit... hmm... it was in my diaper.
Irony is rarely lost on me. *narrows eyes, stares into the distance*
Un placer!!! Bendiciones :-)
aww, you're nice, too.
CLUB EMPIRE IS FILLIN UP GET HERE
a Chameleon beer? ha
Don't know what's wrong with your Mac? Schedule a Free diagnosis and get a detailed analysis and firm repair price quote.
campus is rainy and mostly deserted
Almost gave up on tix but thanks for letting us know they were still out there. See you 9/3 right in front of the stage!
Um sleep eludes me!!.
you're the best. :)
my teacher just screamed out #winning !
lol we went in a group bro. I had already saw it tho.
I know =( so freaking pissed. Would have been a good fight RT Why Overeem?!!! WHY!!!!!!!!!!
whats good sir ???
watching CNN. Looks crazy there. Keep us updated and stay safe. Xo
If reinforcing action, you have to convey a win and pat your audience on the back.
Life Is Only What U Make It (the sky is the ________
subliminal messaging...cum in me <U+0001F4A6><U+0001F61C>
Excited for the Miss Earth Pageant Selections tomorrow
Well I'll by back on here at like 1am gotta put a motor in <U+0001F621><U+0001F621>
For 1st time super bowl will be streamed live online & on nfl mobile, and pro bowl & nbc sat wild card double header.
Big party Friday at to raise funds for a show: live band karaoke, dollar drinks, backup dancers! Starts 7:30. $10, $15 for 2!
i love the cover of you rapping to look at me now . aha it was so cute. follow me back Moo Moo. (:
fun & sitting with jakob (:
Please contact for any accreditation requests. Thanks
One of these days Imma tweet sayin "I'M BRINGING CUPCAKES TO SCHOOL TOMORROW! TWEET ME IF U WANT 1!" and imma get hella RT's -.-"
Be proud. RT : I really despise that GOP candidates use Massachusetts as a dirty word. Or maybe I should be proud.
They don't show the acknowledgement for the Medal of Honor recipient? At least mentioned it, but why not show it?!
I understand. As hard as I try to tell my brain to forget it is taped, I just can't. Watching taped sports is just not the same.
RT Announcing… Fantastic Spring Line-up of Classes from Power Teaching students: In January, I ran another session ... h...
the whole world but me!:p
"...the arts have been marginalized as ‘enrichment. We’re trying to show that arts education is not only a flower; it can also be a wrench.”
hmm sure your not evil aliens sent to take over the world lol
never thought cords could be that intense
Whoever's in charge of telling old men when they have weird, long hairs growing out of their eyebrows/ears should be fired.
this makes me want to watch the JTT classic Tom and Huck!
Jagjit Singh passed away. A very sad day for music world.
Lexie and I are driving to pick up my wife from work. Lexie is our Shih Tzu. We love her dearly.
Today is a easy day At work :3
I'M SO HUNGRY
Thank you. It's been a great run.
no, thank you! The response to your preso has been overwhelmingly positive. Thank you for sharing your insights with us!
2 seats left for the vegan dessert class this sunday in Oakland. join us?
Science works to make the messy simpler. Rhetoric works to make the simple messier. Wonder why?
Other people's success doesn't make you small. Being jealous of their success does.
I (to Maria E.): "Go act girlfriend, go act!"
Phoenix vs LA semifinal- sounds right... In basketball! Not hockey!!
I totally agree!
Sounds good.
"I've got my PENCIL!" -- David Lee Roth
kinda disappointed
The average sleep time of a dog is said to be 10.1 hours per day...jealous?
:There are 3 types of people in this world: those who make things happen, those who watch things happen and those who wonder what happened.
#BestThingYouNeverHeardof rewinding, freezing and fast forwarding time.
Spending time at Mimi's before school and work consume my life this summer <U+0001F49C><U+0001F49C><U+0001F49C><U+0001F49C>
goodnight everyone
Hey Summer girl, hope you check out our songs and like our FB page!
Tevez has a 6pack like mine
Interesting day with the #earthquake yesterday, few aftershocks last night. Thankfully nothing like Japan, New Zealand, Pakistan, China
my iPod is brokkkeee.
Great point! :)) RT : Ayers, Wright and Obama have had the same ideas for 20 years and it ain't conservative....
RT : Not at all RT : Hank did it surprise you Bubba won the Masters? (cc )
umm hello....hey
Metaphors we use influence what we do, how we use technology. We use slides in a very linear way. I, the presenter, give audience something
no, but thinking about it...paul's not on fb, so there may an imposter, or his cousin in bronx with same name
Advertising is what you do when you can't go see somebody. I like that one!!
...2/2.../contract year Haynesworth potential. I think Brockers SHOULD be the pick. Washburn could work wonders with him.
text me now! lost your number cause i got a new phone
Yep. Stealthy Christianization and privatization of our public schools. Nothing accidental about it.
Did you see HW at one of the shows on the European tour with Delain? If so, be sure to tag yourself in one of the photos!
Thx for new follows!
Hey Mrs.Peaches..we r good? I will tell him u said hello? Hw are u and the beautiful grandbabies?
Great win. We lost focus late Q3 but got back in the game like champs! #GoLakers!!!!!
i think i dated that guy
hey congrats on placing that's awesome.
How do you start & continue to facilitate discussion of erotic titles in book groups, help people past their shyness?
Sometimes I feel hurt when im working so hard ..... And not getting heard ....GOD WILL LISTEN TO ALL UNANSWERED PRAYERS KEEPING THE FAITH
mental health is such a beast. People spend so much time chasing behaviors & wasting $$$ & time. Do u work child/adolescent?
#nw The Devil Wears Prada And......I Don't Get It. So Ol Girl Doesn't Like Money, That Doesn't Make Any Sense.
Head out to TEMPTATION TUESDAY @ BlueMoon next Tuesday! I'll be spinning some massive beats u won't wanna miss! Check my FB 4 drinkspecials
oh Rich, it's not, but a ruination is. Cheers!
I love my mother so much
#thingswomenshouldstopdoing Resisting the coal miner's stink pickle! That's how I got a former Ms. West Virginia as my wife! Ol Floppy '11!
the overlap is where the fun is :)
that's what happens if you keep looking around instead of focusing on what's in front ;)
I got hit in the nuts today. Not a good feeling.
RT I think I want to go to Long Horn >if u paying let's go lmao
computer reservation.
Thanks for the plug, Jackie!! Love the song (and that you dig Dragonette!)! ;) xoxo
recording of moms voice?
Mi Amor I Love You<U+2665>
the end of school is bringing out a lot of unexpected everythings
Miley or Selena?? Selena is winning!! #vote and I'll give you a cookie. <3
I Don't Live There Anymore, I Live In Atlanta :) & I'll Be Moving Back To London Soon Surprisingly Aha
For this Holiday season do remember that happiness and joy is created within us and shared among us in our spiritual and emotional world.
RT : Last minute #ff for To keep up to date on your latest monkey related catastrophes.
Hopefully getting the Junior parking approved friday !
what's #chaining ?
good seeing you and Sheila today, my man. Continued blessings!
The book can be fly. Now, it just needs to be a thesis.
Happy Thanksgiving!!! Hope everyone has their share of family and feast!
Never again.
If I lose followers, so be it, Joshua was not screaming, his vocal range is phenomenal.
what did you think of them?
holy shit! just got f'n crazy!
No problem! we are trying to step up our twitter efforts - the letter limit is HARD!
hey there!!!
RT : Free concert tomorrow with starting :30am!! Come dance the morning away!!
quality twitter time ;) missed you too! : Missed my training session today with !!
I just saw right behind Pauly D!!
Hey I only need 2 more followers till I have 600 please help me out!
Ahh glad to be back home in #Lacey after a wonderful weekend in #portland with the #family !
Chapter 2012 Page 79 of 366 Our "great" business ideas are only as good as the consumer demand we can create.
dude. you can have all my buttered popcorn jellybellies if you save me the licorice ones. tradesies.
i am so freaking tired
I love you! You're awesome!
you forgot an "a"
My mother left 17 different balloons in my room. :)
RT : #sdcchi hackathon teams: the Noble Tree Cafe will be available anytime after 9pm. Come on by and hack all night!
Recruiting up in Palm Beach County tonight.
Hey thanks for follow, that is some car.
it was. and all together good fun.
Woke up to see a spider crawling on the wall in my room #hesnolongerwithus #rip lol
Thank you so much Linda, it is I who am honored to call you friend!
On the phone
interesting...different in our house. My guy has 52 blogs and he writes them himself! We always were different.
within walking distance from millbank!
R.I.P Dad.... Im going to,miss you!!
great pic! Looks like you had a good seat. :)
Great paper! Looking forward to finally meeting you at #CSCW and working on my paper right now for the #crisisinformatics workshop!
On my way to show some love to
I love you too
Had to un-follow MLB because if I hear one more thing about Bryce Harper I'm going to have to throw something at the wall.
Less talk, more swag. Sophisticated swag.
not to spam away, but a great example of this tension is seen in Phil 2:12-13.
i kno i do
Note to visitors: please take regular showers. If I can smell your BO from ten feet away, you are in need of bathing.
Happy llama sad llama mentaly disturbed llamma super llama drama llama big fat mamma llama MOOSE!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the fabulous Moms out there!! :)
-Every challenges has it`s own price. :D
Back reading Twitter after an inattentive while. Say, is there anything I could get outraged about? I've really missed that.
you just made me love you - i wish i knew how to quit you...
Or our special of: 2 tamales with warm hot chocolate only $3.99!
Happy Friday Hot Messers! Give the Mexican Wolverine a call, loved to get on show sometime!
Scarlett Johansson Covers Vogue Magazine: Love it or Hate It?
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "One of the greatest mental freedoms is truly not caring about what anyone else thinks of you."
big bitch smith you ain't say shit
": Alcohol is never the answer... But it does help forget the question."
Good luck to the young 'un there. It's a wonderful shop that saved my tail many moons ago.
Personally thank you #Albany Supporters for putting forth the effort to show us some love.
long cat with dainty crossed paws!
I want fruit right now .
My bus about to be late AF
Cleanup tool and Follow Tool.... I Clean up every few days.
aw I would like that too
<333 i love you!
Its a good look for you. ;)
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. – Aristotle
I am mailing out a Beignet donut dog ID tag today for Beignet the dog!! :) How cute is that?
Those who can't forget are worse off than those who can't remember
says he belongs to 3 traditions: America, India, Islam and all have pluralism at their core.
I'm a very descriptive person, but everything on Twitter is 140 characters or 160. It's not letting be be myself... Hahaaa.
I want to go to the Spa!
I hate ma hair so mch , its so damn currrrlllyyyyyy >_<
I'm loving the Marc Streitenfeld's score to Prometheus an he honors Jerry Goldsmith an many ways while creating a new feel. This is for fans
Nicely done boys, nicely done. So proud to be a WinterHawks fan.
Thanks, I think. ;) It really is such cruel irony- being the face of fried cheese curds. But it was super fun to meet you!
Would you guys have any use for yummy decorated cutout Christmas cookies? Have kids there? We have extras...
When a boy opens a car door for his girlfriend; one thing is for sure, either the car is new or the girl
Yes, I was at the table next to him siting with Dave, My sister Mama Mahone, MacDemy, and Tim :)
Trying to get trimmed up and ready for The Kentucky Derby festivities. It's also Cinco De Mayo and there's the Hair show tonight..
Suddenly, when I click on "sign out" to end my session, Twitter simply reopens and will not close. I am using Windows Vista & IE9.
Not if but when.
Off to my day job...
...a.n.d...we're off to pasadena!! still searching for some kick ass public art :)
I don't either, and I don't think Bradford is as bad as people think, either. It was an injury filled year for him.
Sunday night feature = chicken + pot + pie : See this place, smiley face...
You know its a #rivalry when the fans and coaches need security between them
can you get Maine lunch?
My new Cobb saddle and using Slather was awesome today!!! Highly recommend both
Jacoby Jones catch may have sealed it after an Andrew Luck-y bounce.
perk got me bent If you ain't talking 'bout money, you ain't got no sense
Ah, gee, thanks! It was a pain in the a#@ to write. No copy/paste for me, oh no! I had to write it all out myself. Glutton.
Papermill, and that's a great pre race dinner!
lol OH those tights.
LOL yah u got the wrong dani d.
Jaylin seriously stop. your trying to back yourself up & protect yourself with bible verses instead of taking the convo to heart
I believe in u. I always have and I always will <3
What does "having it all" mean to you?
Wow, thanks Michael!! “: - Startisan are fucking ace!!!! \m/”
idk but brooks is gross and Vicki is crazy. CRAZY!
"What's a stratagy?" "It's when you know the mayor of Boston."
Hey how your day could I hit you up
Absolutely HATE auto enroll anythings. They get me every time :(
maybe the Union can sign Hector Luna......nice ring to it! Luuuuuuuuna
free book to those abroad. Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun. www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z.
Tune in to FOX 5 tonight at 6 & 10 to watch Scripps Mercy's Davis Cracroft, MD, discuss the dangers of jimson weed.
I'm so sorry! I wish that we could give tickets to everyone.
There is something very beautiful about the first time you walk out of the office late and the sun is still almost out
Wah! Bet you didn't want to wake up! Game on!
Nice view huh?
Getting ready to hear inspiring stories at Women's Fund Keyholder Event!!
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE! The costumes in Once Upon a Time!
I like people who keep the conversation alive.
LOLOLOL. OK, We shall keep the #intensefriendship. BUT, I have an intense hatred of comic sans.....and I always will.
thank you<3 (': I hope all the boyz can come !!!!!
At gitane loving life.
What? Josh Hamilton hasn't hit a home run tonight? The guy sucks! Trade him for Yuni!
More than Just a Teacher | Free Scholarships Blog
Had a really bad exp w/ But SUPER happy to get sweet note in mail from Sara M w/apologies & gift card. Now THAT's customer svc!
Breaking: Irene hits Raleigh two days late... This downpour is what I was anticipating Saturday.
lol ah, we just call that delivery =) I live in a simple world
Mapping community needs vs. community assets; layered POV; mapping oral histories
Awe thanks!<U+062A> And yeah I gate Mondays too.
some parts. wouldn't change the vast majority of it for anything in the whole world though.
There's a certain sad stillness to a house after a 2-Year-Old vacates it. Miss my nephew already.
because that would suck
whaaaatttt lmao? Idk why I do but I do<U+0001F633>
Dear Woody, don't f this up.
actually no, Nokia flip phone.
didn't know til ur ass left bitch u cud of said hi
I tried to be brooding and dark, but it all fell through.
I might look silly in your bathing suit...but DEAL!
Life has no speed limits, what slows you down are your self imposed speed bumps.
If you're looking for a cool replacement for check out - works with FourSquare but does so much more
actually, his lament was not the loss of the shuttle, but the failure to move forward with successor.
The heat gets me in a bad mood! -__________-
Everything I know about Twitter I learned from That is all.
Did you travel to see the performance? What fun :)
Can't wait until I get my awards for football... This banquet going to crack
im whidd god until the end
I'll look and see if I have any left
<----- followed back
Love to see arenafootball strategy being used in the super bowl
time to make some money this year......... super grind mode
B/C even though he has bad days, he IS a doctor? RT : I only like it when John beats up Sherlock.
she prolly dont trust because of all the bullshit u put her thru.
I Touch Down And Cause Hell!
That some achieve great success is proof to all that others can achieve it as well. Abraham Lincoln
Is it weird to miss the friendship but not the person ?
Heading to Grazie for #lunch today! #AllYouCanEat buffet for just 9.95!
Last chance to win Kenny Chesney tickets by tweeting with the hashtag #KennyChesneyinPDX - we'll choose a winner today at noon!
I Hate Mondays -___-
But you shouldnt have..
You must be persuasive if you can get the 911 operator to connect you to the sketch artist. ;)
What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life
SHOUT OUT TO !!! Follow this true directioner (:
You guys are more fun than being beaten with a lock in a sock
Safely rode my cycle into work today. Some days it makes me feel old.
There are three Civil War dependents still receiving pensions! --Claire Kluskens of at
Another series win...I'm diggin this!
Before you place in a race, you must find a place where you want to race.
will you be at the football spring game?
O wee, finally warm enough to pull out the shorty shorts for a #run ..cover ur eyes folks.
Blastin real or fake on repeat shit goes hard
Yes, yes and YES. Look at 80s games. Embracing the most ludicrous ideas is genius...
hey Skylay ever think of singing any tunes she is just awsome? know you would song awsome also.
good morning to you as well!!
gents. It is awesome. I learned here and have been plowing through them...
Happy happy birthday my friend!!! We will celebrate Monday! Hmm, then maybe #pie after :-)
you're so very welcome! Glad you love it
Just finished polishing up Episode 1 of S2 and awaiting notes from Up On High. So far, thrilled with the results!
im hype as shit right now
excellent. Hope it turns out to be a productive correspondence & panel.
It's coffee time! #blonderoast pleeeeez
Tate donating his time to Mira Mesa High School teaching the spread offense.
On a lighter note, My resolutions are starting off OK. I cleaned the house and made several to-do lists. Now...to get to the doing part.
Shiner 101 == Good stuff.
"this is funner than chucking rocks at a sign"
on ABC Nightline. 7 songs on the charts
no doubt!
BUT, you don't have to be a landlord ;-)
Good morning! Have a great day! Find something good, it's always easy to find something bad.
Hello beautiful. Is it me you're looking for?
Baby don't you ever get to comfortable <U+2661>
Just saw the sign for your new location. I'm excted 4 an all cycle place! Let me know if you are looking for instructors :)
RISE UP RISE UP RISE UP
Glad to be back on Twitter.....took a little break!
RT "Dude, don't look at us." ~ South Carolina
great day with you and the wife
Yup called it. Got themselves in and took themselves back out. Game 6 is do or die, can't stomach to think of what Game 7 could mean.
I found a couple of my records in some NYC record stores today. Something about that makes me feel good.
If you only smoke when you're drinking you have to make sure you drink a lot. Otherwise you'll want a cigarette all the time.
correlated big utility data for the #smartgrid is NOT only in consumptions: efficiency, facility, maintenance, behaviors, PV, DR, Industry..
I dare you to click my follow button! for me! :D
: pizza tastes better than broccoli
based on your high praises of the double cookie dough blizzard, I've discovered what I've been missing all my life <3
Hey Everyone! Be sure to watch Florida International take on Marshall in the Beef 'O' Brady's Bowl St. Petersburg on ESPN @ 7pm CST/8pm ET.
I just got 20 boneless wings and a fry from #Wingstop for 12 bucks
good morning (: yees , its friday..(:
is definitely the best Bucco blogger twitter. Me and this guy think along the same lines.
gasol should not have even shot that, game was over
lol!! So how's the first day at the new job?
Happy Birthday DC! Keep living out your dream.
Thing I hate about "Pinterest"? Now have every female friend posting shit like "cute kitchen" to "dream house". That kitchen cost $400,000!
I see the human centipede 2
Sausage w peppers and onions with a glass of red and family time watching beauty & the beast- perfect night
If the #Orioles Hammel can actually pitch a no-hitter ESPN might have to mention our game.
Easy. Calvin Johnson. Review that Clemson game tape from his Freshman year (2004). UNBELIEVABLE!
#MariaMenounos and #DerekHough were HOT, HOT, HOT in their rumba on #DWTS. Whew! Nice job by #JackWagner too,.
1.does he get special attention in school? Or 2. If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?! #askmikey!
lmao "Girl you stank, take a bath" #SouljaBoy !
Jingle Bells Santa Smells more than his stinky sleigh!!
Last night my wife and 2 daughters went ot girlnscout camp and no movies on tv. Tonight HEART BREAK RIDGE FOR ALL U JARHEADS. But damn good.
Seriously you're way overreacting about this. It's been going on since November. Time to grow the fuck up. We're in high school.
today i am happier than a bird with a french fry :)
Captain America chamber RT Whatever it is that Juwan is doing 2 still look so young, I want 2 know his secret
oh ya princess fairies and all it awesome like I said
Thank you for the praise. We do what we can here =)
Tawlk is not supported on mobile phones yet. Things will probably look strange until it is.
#andrewbreitbart R.I.P
Congrats to for winning county!
So incredibly sad about #whitneyhouston. Gone too soon. What a voice.
Ok Green Bay..
not sure what you mean but im not sure if twitter is the place to discuss technical site processes. DM
Thank you for following me back girl!! Looking forward to the event on 6/3 :)
what happened?
Sounds like a Kings game there ;) Well not as loud...but....
have you met
Good thing HP is getting out of the PC business. This mini freezes all the time. Damn, Chicago scored
Oracle Expands Communications Portfolio With New Netra x86 Servers
Haha they come in black but I'm not sure the Cat Eye shape will work well on you. Lol
I agree with on this!!!! It'll look amazing. You'll be fucking flawless.
I dreamt that I was dancing tango... This hasn't happened in my dreams or reality for a long time. I was at peace, for a moment.
It's a lotta bad bitches in the building
Are you fucking kidding me about that record player?!?!
The immigration law has already accomplished phase one it's purpose, awareness. Now people think twice before immigrating into AZ.
I'm going through a thing where I want to actually be the person I want to be. Since that girl would get off Twitter & workout, so shall I.
Best Friends that don't text back!!!
Q1d #PR is organic, marketing is many times a pay to play, smart consumers know that
We are making our first album!!! Check out our fundraiser! Album out 2.17.12
like I said - something obvious that I'm missing. I was hoping he was referring to some super secret news.
very awesome!!
you mean his tweets and shut up no one will listen
Dear weather gods, please don't rain on Preakness. Also whatever god is in control of this, don't let anyone throw a beer bottle at me.
RT : RT Mt. Rainier 1st on the list! USA Today 10 great places 2 see spring wildflowers...
Heading to St. Louis in the morning! :-)
You better believe it. The Boh keg will be chilling overnight so it's ready for everyone in the morning.
Thanks, Bonnie. Busy with travel and once again out the door shortly. Have a great weekend.
don't talk about it,be about it. Stay focus my cat.
I see there's been a misunderstanding regarding the both to which I referred... It weren't you gents.
Happy Birthday you stud muffin you
oh , nice twitcon. who's that pretty lady you got around your arm sir? :)
yeah headed to Calgary
Going to sleep. I'm tired as fuck.
just try and keep my TL Rated G please lol
I just laugh at everything :pp
I'm so lucky to have such supportive family.
Seems like that dude is the ONLY one talking like he has sense about basketball.
Halcomb running into a chair
#vsa2011 great posters TIGHT space!
you just wish you had a girl to tell you that!
I could buy some Facebook shares, but Aaron Sorkin has convinced me it'd only end with me screwing my friends & alone with my business cards
Here you go lol RT : All females claim to be angels, but most of yall are not heaven sent
Made some great connections with the Montgomery Co Humane Society today. They have so many loving dogs that need homes.
just being honest
Chillin with Audra today : ) might go see a movie and thinking about going on a road trip
Dear ex best friend's little sister, no, I don't want to talk to you. Thanks again, East campus.
We wanna see Lola's jelly bean portrait when it's done!!
you hacked up a lung last week. Same lung or the other one?
Let's see if you're a man of your word...done
im so bored -__- R.E.T.W.E.E.T IF YOU WANT ME TO DO 50 or more confessions (;
digital humanist nerdfighters FTW!!
cheer up prince
Good start :D
That's fine, you gave me a bad rep. anyways.
":Never leave something good to find something better, because once you realize you had the best, the best has found better"
that is an interesting questions.
WELCOME TO TWITTER HOT STUFF!! ;)
": I want someone to be afraid to lose me."Y?
That aint bad but you know college you going to
Watching an episode of Family Guy from 1999 . The only thing that's sorta changed is the voices ! And a lil bit of the colors . Funny (: <3
Successful lake weekend w/ & So much fun!
Trivgov? Completely random.
Not really feeling like myself today <U+0001F61E>
Flowers last longer than a hard cock.
You tweeted first.
Im missing GoodMorning texts
good meeting you at #seasonsbeatings man.
i am in charge of all national talent, who and what goes on our station. at the first and largest internet radio station
The sound of rain on the window is the soundtrack to a perfect Sunday evening.
I'm ready in Virginia!! RT : Morning NYC! Who's ready for #Survivor Finale & Reunion tonight w/ ?
hey former student of ur yoga class! Got me?
we are looking forward to your response to the proposal packet
$10 won't buy shipping/customs on a donation but will buy 1 net to prevent malaria for a family through !
hey, go easy on those calendars. They are the most useful thing I get out of the city.
Had crucial conversations w/ new clients yesterday.Some r taking advantage of the Twitter coaching discount I offered.
Happy, happy Birthday to ! Have a glorious day!
": My aunti made me some greens dressin mac n fried chicken bout to smash" u at my mama house ?
..250 units, residential & commercial .. 4 stories w/ parking deck. Will have to exit the hood via Old Concord
Many people have inquired if they can publish their own works on ReadPrint.com -- As such we've began work on a self-publishing feature.
RT : You cant be Mark Zuckerberg and excel in healthcare, you have to be able to relate to people.
If he fucks u raw the first time, just think who he fucked raw the last time! Safe sex is great sex!
oh lucky guess.. And it was on my floor!
In other news im also going to Ohio.
Q: Rate meh?And date or pass?
I took 3 showers already and i havent even steped out the house.
feelme that bitch got that ice t money
I'm so ready to move. I need to make a difference. I need a change.
Hey Bryan, I have a really cool segment idea for Evening Mag. that I think you'd be interested in. What's the best way to send?
Brig. General steven Anderson, Iraq vet, says the #keystone #pipeline will "delight our enemies."
I can mention myself . Lol
Yes you get to see Magnolia!! #HartOfDixie glad you love the show!
: Game opponents will need to find a new angle to restrict content and hope another SCOTUS case overturns the ruling.
na i was like let me go to Star ( ISS ) and he said go to the office upstairs and ask so i did and they made me go to class -.-
You know your room is tiny when you can almost reach everything from your twin bed in the corner.
Camp is going great and we would like to welcome all of our new students. They are a great addition to camp. Thanks for jointing us.
Likewise; should be fun!
BUT MY BABIES ARE OPEN ENDED
Just signed up for Wish would hurry up and sign up so I can start the smack talk....
TGIF Napa Hour is waiting for you!
Was A MA ZING tonight!!!
First rule of Team DIET, don't talk about Team DIET.
Drunk dad arrives late, screams at his son the entire soccer match, leaves early. Ugh!
I've had beers with you, you're a little... well, different :)
The d in derose could mean.. dead. Ya, just hear that on the news
Chair Wachtmann stops Rep. Carney from asking questions "so that opponents can testify." Chair could have called expert witnesses first.
": You can't have a relationship without any fights, but you can make your relationship worth the fight"
-choppin it up shit don't stop. I wil not Lose.
Megan Styles(: or Megan Payne(:
Waiting flew the bus. Ugh, its fucking lagging it, Imma be late to school. -.-
I can hardly wait. This trip is going to he magical!!!
omg your background....omg. i cant. <3 asdkjsadhashkashdahsd
Home from tour last nite and Jaymz and Flemball are laying down more vocal tracks right now! Keep movin', heshers!
Wen are you guys are going to make a new album. Your guys are awsome.
Getting ready to leave for the Bonefish Grill to have Holiday eats & drinks with my brother.
CONGRATULATIONS to ALL the graduations of #HowardUniversity and most of all my eldest child
Slept for 11 hours. Lol that just shows tired I was last night!
Julian on abdc.... it just didn't seem right.
As a musician/bassist my job is to make/create music, not to "analyze" musical trends....this is simply what I do!
even when i lie i tell the truth.
niall told me to ask him out in a few hours. OKAY BBY
Expecting 8" of snow tomorrow here in #Madison... Or will it miss us (like the other predicted "big storms" this year)... What say you?
Using it with a Sr Government class. Just finished a Supreme Court unit and amendment projects.
Which Avenger are you?
:) I've been well! Just busy with things that have taken me away from my blogging duties! Thank you for the #FF!
I miss both of you.
The special Spicy Beef Salad is a life changer!!! Thank you Nattha! I'll see you for lunch again tomorrow bc now I'm obsessed!
#hth2012 Good conf. but highly academic. Wish more software developers, NGOs here. Could give good thinking in Web, design, engagement
I KICK ARSE AT WUTHERING HEIGHTS DANCE
upgrade the rental to a mustang for only $10 more? well sure!
But start salivating: Gun Crazy tonight with Peggy Cummins in attendance. The noir style done in style by TCM!
I'm good...trying to nap but there are SO MANY THINGS HAPPENINGS
Father I pray a special prayer for leaders. Don't let their anointing cloud their judgment. Let them hold dearly to the cross!
for the support!
you don't see kanye out here talking bout swervin?
don't be sorry get you party on!!
I spoke to Petrea, the only true Ryoko in English. She's a wonderful person.
phil lesh & friends, , san rafael, ca. set 2 (cont): can't come down (JG)>magic bus (JG), turn on your lovelight (TW)
#TEAMFOLLOW BACK Been a while. This is fun! Following UR Hollywood!
holy beaded taco! Loves it!
Hello World!
wait why do you have to redo it
If sex is a pain in the butt, then you're doing it wrong ...
hey. A lot of my friends do hip hop I'll ask them where they record!
RT : Playing one of my favorite songs off Paul's Boutique in 10 minutes
#Bromance ": happy Bday twin"
of all the novel ideas buzzing around in my head I'm currently most dedicated to an epic fantasy.
he gone. Thank u. Kim is just murdering everyone. If this is how fantasy football is going to be I am not participating.
Never understood why Tim Horton's isn't in NE Ohio, since they are in Western PA and Central/Western Ohio. Dunkin domination?
So I hear b*tches tryin to double team my cousin !!! That's sh*t is #dead.. Please don't do it!!!!!
I hate being far from you :(
Left, right, step up to the spotlight.
Phillies..... biggest collapse since the Indiana State Fair? Probably too soon on that one....
Yeah, only a couple of people smiled at that one… glad someone out there was paying attention!
allow the kids to show the librarians how to be teachers
I hate when the bus schedule changes & the driver is the last person to find out.
I'm sitting at the bar at Bellini
#Brewers All the highlights for Game 1 didn't show Fielder's face when AZ decided to pitch to him.He was like OK Watch This!!!
Rain or shine, we sell Sea Ray boats 7 days a week! We also have the best Service of anyone here on Lake of the Ozarks! No one is better!
Just ate bfast with the man who ordained me 10 yrs ago. Pastor Dale Davenport a true man of God
Wow, great to hear from someone who did it. I'm looking forward/dreading it. It looks challenging, but also well needed.
J FUCKING COLE
check out They Rock!
You deserve your own hashtag
IF MOS WANTED CREW DOESN'T WIN ABDC, I WILL COMMIT.
CHECK OUT THE VIDEOS ON OUR PAGE :] HAPPY SATURDAY
I can't I'm going out:( monday
Why isn't the right screaming religious persecution over these cases?
if english is the national language per #mittromney and why then do they attack each other in spanish TV ads? #cnndebate!
Okay you guys - auto twitter to fb is doing a whole new number on conversations to the general public!
It's hard to focus on #libraryschool homework on sleepy, rainy days like this.
Should I get a dog, or not?
a person who bugs you non stop. "whatcha doin?" "where are you goin?"
What he said RT : Don't bother me while the Lakers are playing so I know it's real.
get out here with that!
get a thunderbolt cinema display and be done.
This weekend I am so excited to spend time with my family. What will you be doing this weekend?
O yeah!! Lol wassup how r you?
I hope you get as many votes possible :) Xx
Craziness at talent shows.
What is the difference between a salesman and a saleswoman? A sales woman has a vagina.
Congrats to - you rock, you rule, you are just simply the bestest and I loved seeing that you BOOKED the big one!! xxxooo
Teaching cello at and home today.
My head is killing me
I mean EVERY single word.<3(:
Any chance I could get an on campus deliver before 5? - My 4yo and his mom need a treat!
Q: What's the difference between a saxophone and a lawn mower? A: Lawn mowers sound better in small ensembles. #fb ;-)
Changed my background on here! its pretty rad.
RT : My job has a opening in the college park area. Hit me up if anyone is interested. Need a whip...
no. The issue in that particular story, it was black on white...if the opposite were true, the cries of racism would be deafening.
are you tweeting from class. pay attention.
Don't worry, I share your paranoia :) I worry about unforeseen consequences of mining the data
need a babysitter by feb 1..suggestions are welcome
I need a love that's crazy, don't you see. I'm looking for someone who can handle me. Need a fire so hot, that it burns me.
Damn!! You do have a way with words (; LOL! <3
definitely check out - it does EXACTLY this for all grade levels!
DUMB ASS, I DROPPED THE SHIT YESTERDAY BUT YOU SCENE FAGGOTS WON'T GET OVER IT.
Here's a guy who still listens to and collects vinyl records. And your blog is NOT pointless (nor stupid) at all!
Ohh Thursday is #LanguedocDay...Wonder if will have any on the list we can taste?
You have to get instagram! My favorite photography app!
#NewRulesofCivility 6. Don’t gossip. Talking about others in this way does nothing positive for your own image.
TRAFFIC: Crash - Wright St @ IB E. Washington Ave
#SometimesYouHaveTo do things you don't wanna do.
Gallery 924 is now open with new works by Nhat Tran. We are open until 5 tonight, so stop by and check it out!
I wish i was kendall jenner
Be safe and enjoy the 4th everyone!
please follow it would be
Yeah!!! Cuddles and fucking. Good things for the rain. ;)
#TeamBiBi is the G.O.A.T
Does anyone an exact date for the opening of the 8*twelve restaurant? The press release said in June, but didn't give a day.
Ughh this weekend is gunna suck, if I can't go out all!!-___-
Just got accepted to Wayne State University!!!!!! Stoked :D
Toyo Announces Who Won the Durango In Its Ultimate Ride Sweepstakes - About - News &amp; Issues
Maybe if u trend something like #We'reSorryNathan he'll probably unblock.. But you're a nice person
Sorry... I just get so hungry sometimes.
Just finished watching Marry The Night! OMG it was AMAZING!!!! I LOVED IT!!! :D
Your welcome <U+2661>
I just purchased from 39 glasses...hopefully it will turn out better than your experience...
Finally!!! Now we can iMessage, instead of text... :)
AND NO JOYRIDE JOY, OKAY. OKAY.
It was excellent indeed, I almost got my watch stolen by an off duty street magician! We miss Las Vegas & we miss !
Against stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain.
Thanks for the Rts and mentions!
GROUNDHOG DAY: The movie was filmed in Woodstock, IL where Orson Welles attended the Todd School & put on plays with help of M. MacLiammóir
You all check out my blog website, CrazytilltheEnd.com!
Folks, I don't do BranchOut. If we're Facebook/Twitter/Google+ friends, we're already professionally networked.
Haha I'm about to go in OB!! gotta put a bunch of samples and sounds in for next weeks show...POOF!!!!
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is such a dirty movie, haha
But Busta Rhymes just murders them all lololololoool
all like to - Monday 8pm in NYC
why is everyone watching the notebook tonight? filling up my fb and twitter feeds..
Construction and demolition...right up my alley!! These guys are teddy bears!
"You got it, bitch"
I go there for the food! Cracker barrel is full of old people, believe me, I was literally the youngest there
bruh. What happened to your bed??
at #databq "Chongquin, the Chicago of the east, is a city in China of 32m, and it's adding 300,000 people a year"
damn it ok lol
whew ok not as intense as I thought it would be lol
Off for some last minute shopping (trinkets!) and then off to the airport.
universal truth is not measured by mass appeal.
Hey everyone stay cool today!
Visit our photo gallery at www.friendsofhowardfootball.org. We may have a picture of you.
Merry Christmas Eve-Eve! :)
what language was that?
GOOOOOAAAAALLLL again! Wow!
The Skatalites performing tonight w/ The Georgetown Orbits. Tickets available at the door for only $15.
FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW BACK
Err...technical difficulties...will try to fix. Hootsuite crashing due to the lively Indieviw disc, I'm sure.
You got that right! Go Stuy!
way to lure me onto twitter and then never use it again
thanks! appreciated.
Good morning, the start of a fresh new week!
Ty Lawson is a beast.
That's why you got accepted to
Pickup Line: You're ugly but you intrigue me.
Commission discusses Assemly districts for No Cal
and i are native :o( RT I'm in a room full of folk who are native to this region, and frankly, I'm frightened.
NEVER we love you Ian
I'm reading these FSU/ACC tweets and think that this is about to turn into a gigantic clusterf***.
Call me
it was an own goal by Brazil, but we will take it. Come on ladies!
oh sorry, that's for me, gotta go. Took the Batphone off the hook, Commish is going to be pissed!
- I would say that, in general, the World is not having such a good day. My day, however, has started out pretty good! :->
Thanks ladies for the #FF shout-out. Right back at y'all and have a great weekend!!!
. 's three L's of learning: Learn, listen, look.
Won my first Emmy last night!
finly back home were i belong now its time to cheak the candy my cosin is sleeping over tonight!!!
a first for everything:
No problem
“: As man, you're in charge of the relationship so take charge. Be the man she needs you to be.”
My Mind Is A Weapon
love it! We're doing a bike parade Sun for our Open house w/ an afterparty. This will be great training! Let's do it
Why don't you link your new book LINKS in your bio, too?
Finally off work :))
Email fm Donnie Collins-"Groin or Quad injury. In Int lg, there is only a 7-day DL."
S/o to muahzz
Its a room full of n***** what you following me for?
See our discussion from this weekend so far
It possible to go to McDonald and ask for a McDouble with lettuce and tomatoes
sorry i'm not DmIng you my laptop died so i had to use my phone! Aha(:
It's late but our Facebook just hit it's 400th fan! Reminds us of all of our fans and how thankful we are for all of you!
can't get the nose to quit dripping. thanks pixar. gah...
Congrats ! We love !
Major damage to Beta Bridge this morning after it was hit by a U.Va. bus. End column and portion of wall leaning toward tracks below.
Oh, and suck it, Mavs.
When do you go on?
If she say she only slept around one time den u gotta multiply dat by 3. #You'sAHoe & im tellin $ bill
Oh what a night!
: Shooting miss in Venice today for Limeade California
I planked on his conda ;)
A backward poet writes inverse
I'm sure there are some who aren't. Hobos for example.
thanks for the rt! Hope you guys have a great weekend.
And that person is almost certainly Gary Bettman
Loved the NYC show! It was a Bday present from my daughter! I literally LMPRAO<U+E412>
I'll keep you updated on the status of the confrontation. Currently it's at a stand-still.
Morning boat ride to a platform off of Santa Barbara, happy to be out of the heat. Ocean breeze is feeling good.
Going to sleep not for the bull shit tonight...
It's a good day when I run into a friend who also bike commutes and we bike to work together
YMCMB = You May Call Me Bieber ;)
Great young talent and especially loved the Spring Awakening music stripped down by Tim Brickle. Gorgeous setting and lights.
KINGS ARE UP 3-0 FOR THE 3RD FREAKING SERIES IN A ROW!!!!! HOLY SHIT U GUYS!!!!!!
Stay tuned! Be sure to "like" on Facebook.
If you follow me to learn about #WarholTC finds, don't forget to follow for more #Warhol goodness!
I have to let go of you. It would've been great having you as part of my future, but now you are just a sad part of my past
Oh here's a trick. Everyone stop spamming the boyz -__- , only tweet them ONCE or TWICE & then maybe you'll get noticed.
I wasn't talkin bout u fool
So...trying on jeans at store and random guy says they look "hot" on me...should I be nervous? :)
Need a nutrition plan? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Wheels up to atlanta, then dc...
can you do a year lease starting in may? If you'd like email with your requirements!
ha and why is that
That's backwards RT comeback is going to be "well, we're college sports, not pro sports... so the consumer isn't goal
yes sir. I can toss you a code to get a discount on shipping since it'll cost more if you're serious about buying
RT : Mitt just got a pass for saying he would fire someone. That's how much it's going his way tonight.
florida with one of my best friends, or the sport i worked forever for.. i HATE when my mom does this.
Many thanks!
i agree
sure thing! Best of luck this #prom season!
in #houston tommorrow..... he needs to stay for
What's wrong with people these days?
Love me some head a I love a bitch that like 2 do it
"Every poet, in every line, makes two things clear: how to write; how to live." Glyn Maxwell via the always spot-on
Watch it. RT I didn't think I could anything could be worse than watching golf...and along came hockey. ;)
Algae grown in deserts, cellular level repair and massive cheap, computational power - if we survive climate changes.
Never have I felt the acronym "smh" to be more appropriate.
Good Morning #SteelerNation. Just a few too many shots last night. But time to Move on. #Breakfast!!
Who owns the training function in your organization?
thanks dude!
1 hour until Coach Dunn and the Women tip off against Belmont in ASun Tournament! Time to do Work!
Money comes from people. When you have the right people skills, you'll succeed beyond your wildest imagination!
Remember, the things He did 2000 years ago, He is still doing. He never changes!! www.imawitness.com
:( bleh! I'm broke too!
Ur an ignorant MORON. Leave the country. #WorldPeace? What a JOKE! Go
Glad you liked the Postup Donja Banda! It's 100% Plavac Mali, aged 24mo in Oak and another 24mo in bottle.
Word RT : Seeing Andrea Armani speak about science and tech. We need more women in engineering! She's honest and smart.
"Tupac- Dear momma", "Kanye west- Hey Mamma", and "Nas- Dance" are all great songs to play this mother's day :)
Living system principles - emergent properities, flux, shared resources
#AskBieber do you miss going on your ?
Just saw in the Fox broadcast about our #Packers cross country cyclists. Too bad they kept calling Rick Dignus "Rich Dingus"
RT:A1) Asking the question who are you curating for-self or othersmakes the output more valuable. One size doesnt fit all.
"when it gets dark enough, you can see the stars" ~ Persian folk saying. Waiting for the stars....pretty dark right now. Tough weekend
Thanks bud RT : naw think he jammed his finger
Girl I'll be thinkin about you worldwide.
Virginia Tech .... Lets go Hokies
Come to RAW BAR for a Kentucky Busy Bee, wild flower infused Jim Beam, Barenjager Honey, lemon, aloe, and a bee pollen rim.
a FAT ass or a BIG ass ?!
No card for us. RT : Where's the day of thanking us spinsters for not kicking our nasty genes forward into a new generation?
Rise and shine gorgeouses! Have a fab thursday! Xoxo
a surprisingly long-lasting awesome streak of iPhone shuffling
Almost at 20000 followers!!! :) tell your friends!!!! H
Rt!! Love it too!
Lots of data out there, but not enough good storytelling
Forever Young!!!!! I'll be forever young, I'll never grow old
I love youtube! :)
Lmfao this is funny.
Wow! I'm thoroughly surprised at how knowledgeable McNabb is about other sports... Who knew?! Good call #ESPN -
We are starting to look at booking shows in January! Also this Thursday we are going into the studio to demo out more music!
Hello, hope your having a good day.Thank u for following. I do and will follow. I also respond back if provoked.
huh? Where am I working?
about to make my 300th vote. #boomsauce!
TekPartners will be at the South Florida .Net Code Camp this Saturday 2/18 at Nova Southeastern University. We hope to see you there!
Never tell a girl that she looks like or reminds you of your ex girlfriend.
#eBooksgoogle: search is better than Sony eStore, but doesn't have author alerts. only feature I see lacking so far.
Kate (owner of Betty Lash) is featured in the Winter 2010 issue of Jewell magazine. Check it out!
no way..... I LIVE IN EVANS TOO!!!! this is some crazy shizz.
no matter where liffe takes me, find me witha smile
As long as a team is reading and working from the same book it's okay that some are on different pages.
Most of the article directories will keep your articles on their site indefinitely so your links will grow
don't put jk, there's nothing more attractive than a woman who believes in herself
True. RT : If you are looking to build confidence with customers, don't have a voicemail box that is full.
Tiff shut your have -.-
“: It’s so awkward when a guy comes into the bathroom and chooses the urinal right next to the sink I’m taking a dump in.” Right
When a girl says "whatever", she really means; I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, get raped by a shark,and then eaten by it.
I'm just a prom night dumpster baby
question: Are you and Kurt ever going to make a new Movie together?, I think everyone would love it, I for the start! Love You!
Tuesday is a great day for movie! come check out
We are a collaborative industry by nature. We are stronger together than we are apart.
RT : Wal-Mart Joins Hollywood&#39;s Physical Video Push By Offering Digital Conversions
Was Nightcrawler ever in the Avengers? Cause I'd love to smell of brimstone & sauerkraut.
The homoeroticism in Troilus and Cressida is not holding my attention right now
Great point! RT : Twitter is diff from other job search media b/c of its brevity. You HAVE to get to the point.
Never give up on your dream. Keep goin. Even if you fall once, still reach for the stars.
So happy today is over!
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life.
Broncos LB Von Miller wins AP NFL Defensive Rookie of Year award.
There are those who make things happen, There are those who watch things happen and There are those who say What the fuck happened!
A little bit longer; & i'll be fine :')
Mary Kate! The headband should have tipped me off.
she is adorable! So big.
Where my brother at? He is probably nominated a 2012 yams award lol!
Super excited to try and get some cool b reel for the video! Stay tuned as we feature a a few local artists!
Just tapped Flyer's IPA.
awful decision!!! : I mean did Jessie really get eliminated?? For real??? Was it a forced decision???
kita had her baby yet ?
I accept ALL invitations to connect on LinkedIn (Open Networker, Lion) No IDK Please send invitations to
my instapaper account has become a giant closet, packed full and about to burst at the hinges. I am afraid to open it.
when are you coming to Houston. </3
. hell yeah I would! Put me on the next #Soyuz scheduled. Or at least the next one after I'd have had sufficient training :)
When a man talks dirty to a woman, it's sexual harassment. When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's $3.95 a minute.
Stacheford !!!! RT : oh man that was awesome
Frisco, Colorado is seeing light snow and drizzle, but its been snowing much harder up high!
- Michele Bachmann's photo says it all. Crazy is as crazy does
lmao can I come? I'll bring a piñata
thanks i just need20 more then i get to 100 then 200 and so on so please follow me kk love ya all bye
this is true!
wrestling gyms, bad colds, and more at www.susanefine.com
Hm, maybe the Matt Joyce for Edwin Jackson swap in 2009 wasn't such a blowout in the Tigers' favor ... damn!
A Time to Kill..... Break time.
TGIF! We are dreaming of Kremey flavors today. Come get a Lotta Latte, Mocha Dream or Berries & Kreme & get that weekend started off right!
Using airlines' in flight wifi. Very compelling though latency is high and speed ain't great.
Thank you again for all you do to promote our site!
me too!
yo golic Rt on people are tired of NFL banging certain QBs, and protecting others! Brady ugh, and other top white QBs.
Touche!!! I've been away too long? Most of the time I'm usually running *away* from roaches.
So so true!RT : No one can change a person, but a person can be the reason someone changes.
ha! awesome. Maybe 's next album cover?
we will be seeing you guys real soon for some
Curren$y album drops today. Mastered by our very own
RT miss you ! “: I wish I was with my beautiful piece of art right now”
Up early to try to get a Jason Wu dress at
maybe it's a longshot, but I'm trying to get into synth design. And I have no idea where to look for information. Got any tips?
Cause I see some lady's tonight that should be havin my bae-bah, bae-bah
came too far to lose It now hardwork.should pay off for me
I most def gotta go see battleship!
Been awake for 40 hrs. I worked 29.5 hours over the course of 5 nearly back-to-back shifts. I get home & the first thing I do is read co ...
Ive been a nanny for over 20 years. Just make sure you trust your nanny and have faith in her.
Fashion can be bought. Style one must possess. Edna Woolman Chase
awesome - welcome to Where. I'll keep an eye out for you or we can meetup at booth or one of the parties
Looks cool. Glad you enjoyed some beer instead of going just to eat.
Wow, I didn't realize there was such a difference in dosing between the study and actual prescriptions. Thanks for the insight!
Two words: Algebra 2:/ Ugh I dont get this class haha
Well, has been writing a "ya book for satanic kids" for some time now. But is that a market?
A single vote from #ChuckNorris is enough to win.
I'm grateful to have true friends!
lol, omg. Lmao, inapprops. Smh. And psh, it's not the same unless you're attracted!
#10BasicFactsAboutMe I'm addicted to traveling and can't stay in one place for very long.
Yellow for Kompany
what about westside??
Temp, 4 week assignment - Medical Assistant position in the NE area call 881-4339 ASAP! Must have exp w/ blood drws and 1+ yrs current exp.
Good morning!
That's amazing and adorable.
Yeah, feels like a routine but I do need to find different things to do. So, skype date in a few? :)
We overlap all of the time, but will often try to coordinate efforts so that we don't duplicate.
Rudy Gay
Sweet surprise day off from work! What to do....
I LOVE SO MUCH AND HE NEVER NOTICES ME.. I WISH SOMEONE WOULD TAKE ME TO SEE HIM IN CONCERT.. I WOULD EVEN BY THEM A VIP PAS
RT : #ff The Sound Church family
Can't get enough boomslap chatty nights in da civic.
what up
I just had a heart attack. U could have warned me. I just vomited my lunch. Aye it was so nice seeing all of u again. RT RT
When Pedro gets the call from the pen, the #Orioles should turn on the "Strop Light".
~ Rings and bracelets are my thing! Earrings, not so much lol
Awww, poor baby!w! It'll be over before you know it!
I'll stop by. See you then.
YES!! THIS IS THE FRIDAY THAT I'VE BEEN WAITNG FOR!! TODAY I'M CAR SHOPPING @ A POLICE AUCTION! :-D
I'm getting quickly hooked on Mezcal Old Fashioneds . . . .
looked at those pics you're talking about, and then as the trending topic goes
"You don't have to tell me" / It's a trap!
“ A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. ” <U+2015> John Barrymore
Library who integrated social media into new site trained staff On social media before they launched
Rain was deep and hard from the airport.... Everything is very wet!
ok... Is there a plan to go back out there?
thanks for the love, !!
the times I interviewed Ernie were great experiences. Loved his style .
Praying for great day for us all
Here we go!!!
idk cuz I still need to like goto the mall&get stuff
knowing your playoff opponents by Dennis Green
Who gets to decide which opinions a 'loathsome garbage' and which aren't?
moving to antioch lol what is my life
it was the " ironic" comment. Don't cha think.... Alanis Morrissette.
what happened???
:) thanks I do appreciate that.
Excited and Nervous for tomorrow.
Whenever I'm downtown and see a guy wearing a button-up with rolled-up sleeves, I automatically assume he works in
Divine's clinic Promo <U+FFFC>:Our best Whitening Serum plus Whitening Gold peel off mask only 150 K.Info:31908203,3922021,087880536758.
Rihanna Continues to Flaunt Flawless Bikini Bod in Barbados (PHOTOS) Rihanna sure loves her swimwear! The “You Da One ” singer contin
#Marlies up 1-0 with 4 to go in the first period.
i see ur concert every other tour bc tixs r bit pricey. can u give reason why i shouldn't skip when u come 2 philly n 2012
AND TRIED TO GET HIM ARRESTED. FOR THROWING HALF A PEANUT BUTTER SANDWICH.
no problem. See you at work on Tuesday and Go Cats.
'Preciate everybody that's been down & stayin down wit ...He hard @ work on the album...He won't disappoint ya'll wit this 1!
cheers for the follow, Vasek. enjoying your stream... looks like we're on the same page re #TweetFeel ;)
Falling asleep to the rain >>>
everyone have a good day?
Dunkin' Donuts coffee and muffin, it's your job to get me through this morning today.
oh sure connecticut can declare a winner....oregon not so much
do u have any northeast Houston locations?
I saw a lot of girls posting on fb that he was dead? And twitter too. So I checked into it and his dad is definitely alive haha.
In the studio mixing "Feat of Clay: Quantum"...
*takes off jewlery and throw hands up* who's bad *micheal Jackson voice*
When we are grounded- we essentially become a strong container in which our spirits can safely and productively dwell.
I have to new co-owners~
did you like them?
got that basketball practice tommorow
There's a chick using her laptop while she's jogging on the treadmill.
Jonatics Are True Fans :D
If I didn't have a stack of grading, I'd be doing the exact same thing!
still came out good.
great seeing you pretty lady! hope all is well!
Using my abacus and slide-rule, I have determined paper loses to health IT systems.
Two days after deciding to release Peyton Manning, the Colts have just decided to release Peyton Manning's forehead too.
So proud of my home girl for taking home the W! Official Queen v Queen qualifier!
Don't wanna break your heart, wanna give your heart a break.
yeah! then like the slags of the school get these small dresses that don't cover there ass! haah
thank you! "Create content, don't just curate and cannibalize it." —Macala Wright
#MyPastRelationships were a very good lesson.
you can break my heart in a seconds; but you can also make me forgive you in a second.</3
Haha, I'd just run with it and have all the fun you can along the way LOL.
Am I ever going to get a break from this constant downward spiral?
I know... you are so cool, you always need it warm.
Blood and crip??? What????
Yes, of course! love your Iceland photos too. I am going in May :D
Watching My Favorite MTV
-sighs softly-
there you go making my heart beat again
"I don't even bother saying no to you Toni. There's no point." -
NO QUESTIONS ASKED. THIS DUDE RIGHT HERE HAS DESERVED IT SINCE G5: CERTIFIED FLY!!!
RT : FYI: We are open until 10pm tonight!!
Thanks Dawn!
The Only Way I Fail is If I Give Up..
haha what a friendly fish
first the hilarious videos, now this!!!! :D RT : Big shout out to 6-0-0! Keep it up!
Testing out an obstacle course! gotta make some money somehow :)
Looking forward to this #MayweatherCotto fight.
I want my don's voice to be a cross between Darth Vader and Mufasa.
Carrier is 6'3" 240 pounds & ran a 4.49 40-yard dash, 40-inch vertical jump & did a three-cone run in 6.69 seconds, which is off the charts.
Just too many unemployed people out here for folks to not want to do their best at their jobs. No matter how minute the task.
Only an apple fish can make apple caviar.
Is it really Thursday already?? These short weeks throw me off! Work hard today!
Celebrity nude shots are becoming more and more common. I think they are having a competition.
Will be out of town during the at Drat! Such is it.
Watching Love it or List it on #HGTV has me thinking...if I ever marry I'm making my husband live in a separate house.
Where are you going that they still serve food?! - Alex G.
don't you mean girl passed out in your bed?
Bring me a plate
Early holiday gift from FX: the announcement that 'Justified' is returning Jan. 17. So stop swooning and toast them already!
Holy shite, did the earth just move?
Stunt people earn their paychecks! Flying, burning, crashing and all of the above.
Appreciate your blog flattery about our fire screens (remember the butterfly table and mirror, too!)
I think you all should check out my new book Vanilla's Ladies a ghetto street drama based in Detroit x Cop ur copy now. Check out my blog.
I wish I was with you both! Have fun! Come to L.A.!!!! You make it so much better here! :)
Thanks! Sometimes change is a good thing...
TY for all the RT's :)
Good luck to all the RA Candidates this weekend! Just be yourself and have fun!
I swear people need oscars now and days the way they playin roles
Thanks for hosting us! Proceeds tonight go directly to the CPS teachers who are performing!
"Love is like a violin. The music may stop now and then, but the strings remain forever." June Masters Bacher
I FAILED MY TEST :/ I GOT 52% failed too :( WE SUCK!!
That feeling when all the niggas respect you and the bitches know not to say nothin to you cause you gone dawg em
The link in my bio explains how to be in the video, any questions just ask me :)
I love this one: "To be a good loser is to learn how to win." - Carl Sandburg
Happy to be a part of it! Thx for the mention!
Yes we are open Rain or Shine! Come on in!
Andy Dalton + AJ Green = Co-Offensive Rookies of the year!! WHODEY!!!!!!!
Going to agree with you on that.
Everybody's working for the weekend, so what are your weekend plans? #TGIF!
I know! Hahaha :)
If you register by 9 tonight you'll be good. After 9 there is a late fee. Do it!
Ashleigh and her sisters were asked to open up for Chris Heroldt this Friday night at William Alexander's!
Copper Kettle beers are brewing, pouring and bottling. Join in the fun!
My partner and friend the Iron Man of Startups at Seattle Startup Awards
My life coach said I should quit twitter because you guys are just encouraging me. I responded "I need all the encouragement I can get"
in the end the Giants triumphed by kicking an oblong ball made of pigskin through a big H!
Fall registration now open at www.yatkids.org
Is John Kerry coming for lunch?
Brazil officially abolished slavery today in 1888 with the Lei Áurea ("Golden Law") signed by Isabel, Princess Imperial
Rush Limbaugh is a steaming pile of rancid excrement.
Thank you!
A smile is a language that even a baby understands. ~Unknown
excitement...updating the site for machine quilters with new blog, interviews and help for , check it out www.sallyterry.com
Good stick to what you know and #Text me Niggaaah!!
All three to Gagner.
if there is a better time to reach you by phone, let me know and i'll pass to Andrea for you cc:
To help you achieve your ideal smile, we are offering $300 OFF an Implant! Offer vaild for new patients only & scheduled appt by Jan31st
BELOW THE BRIM links Reach Out & Read w/ Discover Card. They later produce "Sounds of Love". Book on CD for children in NICU... BAM
Had some cough syrup to stop from hacking my lungs up and now I feel like I'm drunk...this is trippy.
dont understand how schools that aren't even downtown are closing for NATO but jones isnt
Twitter keeps asking me "what's happening?" What exactly am I supposed to say when I've had a bottle of wine and nothing is happening?
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will. - W. Clement Stone
New music for you very soon, STAY POSTED!!!
Hardin, just because you play for Oklahoma doesn't mean you gotta look like a hillbilly.
love that you know enough to miss the backchannel, once you've participated at a conference you look forward to the connections
please follow she is you biggest fan!81
Building a team of #designers for a new client's #marketing campaign! Need #graphicdesigners and #webdesigners like yesterday!!
Wishing the best to our friends at as they prep for their #Buffalo150Gala this evening! Happy 150th anniversary!!
hah of course, we can talk at lunch tomorrow
Its too hot outside
I am so jealous right now...cupcake heaven!
pfft. The ipad dock is for wimps. Why not just learn how to type effectively on screen?
sounds like fun...LOL...
so why do I feel let down
Mid-morning snack: Lowfat blueberry yogurt and a handful of unsalted almonds... m...
“: Yeah im adding 2k to my christmas list now”yes
What I didn't mean was steal one! New chair missing from Commons :( RT : Looking for a cushy seat? Try Allen Library
i think the sunglass idea has legs… just not mine ;-)
You 16 and pregnant
my account was hacked...apologies for any and all hostile messages!!
yeah!! I will!!
Please stop driving and texting at the same time. Alnost in 2 different accidents this mornimg.
Posting job ads has given me a whole new hatred of many employment websites. You'd think if they only do one thing, they'd do it right...
If I ever do get married I think I would have bridezilla tendencies.
Presently nomming on an amazing homemade parfait: Red raspberries, vanilla yogurt + Special K Oats & Honey. If I had a smartphone, I'd share
Which agency provides training for municipal and county officers?
Enjoy your break. Looks like the weather will be conducive to your plans.
With the exception of best original screenplay #woodyallen and there is nothing interesting in this phoney
so i hear you tweet all the time show me your ways :p
plz cheer me up cuz my....my..my boyfriend cheeted on me
. on avoiding cognitive bias in telling stories. Anecdotes on 1-click, etc. can be seen as indicative, or just "bad apples.
you so like it
Chilling at Champps with Kelly <U+E415><U+E415><U+E418>
Awesome night with family.
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends
She literally has sunshine coming out of he a$$! haha still makes me laugh
I hate the heats also I'm a true Bulls fan
ok #HAPPYHOLIDAYS have a nice and #MerryChristmasEVE to all and ill be back later
My attitude is fuck it.
Go figure ... more PR's tonight!
#thatakwardmoment when you scrolling down on your iPhone on Facebook and you randomly like someone status\photo and you barely know them.
Seriously? A freaking snake?
I am now looking for sound people on twitter
Today's takeaways: JFK did interns b4 doing interns was cool, 6 raw oysters = 1 weight watcher point, Whitney still not funny. Good night!
I still want to marry because he's still fucking perfect.
We will be entertained???
#BREAKING: false alarm on dead body along Naito Parkway. officers say it's a overdose victim who is still alive
I do Love You I love u I love u, my baby I love you so and I don't want you to go. By GQ Reminds me of blue light basement parties
hey bro! you still working out up there?
; gonna try to convince my dad to take me shoe shopping ..
Setting an alarm & waking up ass-early to do East coast business = ew. Conducting said business from bed = win.
Come on, one more goal!
have you checked out and ? they're awesome
Fantasy Ink: Weird Tales, J. Allen St. John
HAM!RT : whatcha think bout it
One hour until Texas and Cincy tip off in Nashville! Tweet us your score predictions!
late night officer meetings! :)
Watching "Social Network" and this is funny. RT“: Sorry Zuck, I had to do it eventually. (Actually made me do it.)”
Congrats to and on the new deal with the #Texans. 2 hard working individuals doing well.
My inability to keep a straight face. <U+0001F60F>
John Cena bitch slapped the words out of The Rock's mouth. Did you see The Rock's face after John Cena left the ring?
and hey now, no need to hate.
You said it!!!
RT : Driving in my car, blasting my music and rapping/singing at the top of my lungs is so Therapeutic? (painful to others)
fuck that guy. He parks in the handicapped spot.
Monkey. RT : Do you like me? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no.
lmao. Yup only in Tampa!
My son is 3 years old!! <U+0001F631>
Euphemism of the day: "Adjacent process overflow" (= interruption)
She's beast on the court!
Here, but dont know the topic de jour
I started it today! Did you as well?
I like to think so
We are beginning webinar on delivering Great Webinars. Thank you Tim Jones & Cindy Clay
an MSNBC anchorette who's too insecure in her beliefs to let have a live mic on her show RT : What's a Tamaron Hall?
In final contemplation stage: paper on unintentional archives of cultural production on corporate content-sharing platforms.
Great 1st rehearsal for The Vagina Monologues - feeling super inspired!!!
Cubby!! Hope you're great bro.
I want a big house were we both can live
Just trashed Hugo in Bibliocommons. I HAVE NO FEAR!
Thank you, Paul! Happy New Year to you, too! :)
This week I used a gun, sang for judges, got fake beat up and played soccer & basketball - all at auditions. Yay! What's next? Bring it on.
:D THINK YOULL LOVE IT SO MUCH! its on my neck
Just pulled out my keys to open the badge reading door at work. Gonna be a long day, bud!
#PresidentObama announced he supports same-sex marriage now he says "all American's should be treated equally..."
Today was a god day. :)
No Kyrie for a week, at least.
justin bieber
Social networking experiment on NEMESYS facebook fan page. T Minus 1 Hr....
Yea, and a little scary, TBH.
UPN RT : Lifetime RT : HBO RT FOX “: WHAT CHANNEL IS THE GAME ON??!???!?!”
I would be better if you could #teachmehowtodougie now thatd be #SWAG :)
thx for the follow!
did u delete your facebook??
wobble de wobble de wob wobble wobble. sta staking my paper my wallet look like a bible.
I was lookin thru my photos from the last yr, n almost n casi todos I'm holdin my phone. maybe i should tape my fingers down.lol
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn't know. M.Twain / sometimes it's best to just say "I don't know."
mhmm. I believe we met one morning, I gave a hug to Brittney. Lol.
RT : Thanks to all who joined us at CWL SPRING. We've got everything OnDemand til Tues, including our $5K scholarship!
I love you so much that I'd take you out on a date to Sheetz
have a blast beautiful!
Woo hoo! RT : We'll be downtown with tons of green treats for the St. Patricks Day parade and Fair in the Square.
So what's left for Christopher Plummer? Congrats!!
Papa Bear's BBQ?
Haha honestly tho! :) and your welcome. Its illegal to be that pretty isn't it up in Rochester? Lol
Have a great time in Hawaii! It's been hot and in the 80s here! Miss you guys! xoxo
Avery Bradley playing well-the X Factor in slowing down D. Wade and D. Rose?
your welcome Brent. (: <3
I just remembered that I'm seeing Built To Spill in the fall. AH
welcome, that is
Fee is $50 with prizes up to $500.Please send Direct Message If interested,Looking for Players in Denver area for Fantasy Basketball.
IAM OUT FOR A BIT JUST HAD SOME THINGS ON MY MIND I NEEDED TO PUT ON BLAST HAVE A BLESS NITE N PRAY FOR YOUR ENEMIES-
Interesting article, thank you for posting.
too many BOYS thinkin they men nowadays. the world is going to end this year
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Jeremy Wade.
you got it!
I was going to use the "Blind Squirrel" analogy.....but then I saw how humble u've been about it....
Prosecutor Dave Chapman says #Huguely made no effort to help Love knowing she was hurt after their encounter.
Just jumping into #libchat now; late I know. Q5: I have not read it, but I don't need to to say no.
City Center Tenants: Want a free sub from Capriotti's? 1st 10 people to mention this at the Concierge dest will get a coupon for a free sub!
that is my fav!! How can you not love a cupcake with a whole Oreo baked in the middle!!
First encounter w/ corn truffle ice cream: gross. Beer bacon chocolate ice cream, however. There we have a winner. (Note: V. SMALL PORTIONS)
And Aiden Grimshaw's "Is This Love". RT : Need a mash-up of Will. i. am's "This Is Love" and Bob Marley's "Is This Love."
do you know any data scientists and machine learning people? I'm looking for some data nerds to hire in San Francisco.
Just had a sneak preview of our signature holiday cocktails - Edgefield Alexander, Bourbon Furnace and a new Holiday Sparkler - oh my!
I swear this dog has no common sence
3 sets of 3 min, damn my legs burn.
If it ING bout money me no concern
Woodburn HS fire appears to have started somewhere in the vicinity of the wood/metal shop. Currently unclear if the school will open Monday
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
what, dude no! I like your account a lot :3
ahahaha! This is awesome.
F'sho! as long as it's cool with #potus ;)
you've come a long way! ^_^
&quot;Hunger Games&quot; Whets An Appetite For Archery - Neon Tommy
Wow, Punch the Teacher looks like hit TV.
how old are u?
Ed Anderson, president and CEO of CGH Medical Center has announced his retirement, effective Jan. 4 2013.
whatever what u wanna say that but i say ur cutie bestie!:)
#FDA must balance evaluation of product safety with more efficient approval of innovative new drugs: editorial via
Ooh good for you! I really want to do one of those intensive retreats
Shopped at Simon's in Montreal... totally in love! Sale section has the best deals ever!
Thanks, Dolche! I can't wait until I finally get to meet you :]
Let us know if you need any ideas or hookups!
Digital gains lift Sun-Times past Tribune in weekday circulation
Agreed! RT : #BigOmaha, after ur done partying, hit up for some delicious street food! 12th & Jackson until 2:30 am.
#thatdepressingmomentwhen goes on a RTing spree and you still go unnoticed -.- ahahah #oneday :D
Check out some of our Twit pics for our shirts. They were great!
is just like starbucks coffee, if i dont get some of it, im pissed for the rest of the day ;)
ROFL 'no option to update #Facebook status yet but maybe in 30mins' Love the #startups agility
Right on!
Can you even touch the net?? LOL RT : Can't wait to dunk on & next time we hoop! LOL
Dear Obama, feel free to make North Carolina secede and become its own Nazi colony.
how about you come to me, i can make scrambled eggs
It starts tomorrow morning with bacon, eggs, and a WOD at the Crossfit Box.
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
Could someone in room at #kodm check audio levels or move mic closer?
thanks! Today's been a lil rough for me. But am gonna pull thru. :)
what did I tell you about flirting with this kid?
Nothing can improve #centralstation like the newest #MelanieC remix video!!!!
black in america
love the hashtag! where do you get good mexican food in our fair city?
Wedding guests coming from out of town? Discount group rates available throughout the summer!!! Beautiful harbor views at a great price!
u go check on that chese bread!
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
A good use of schema.
Sweet beard, Kyle.
aye watch your mouth lol n hell yea
Doh- forgot. Com..
must be cause Mac's Southern Dem hasnt bought into Liberal Socialist philosphy of Obama Admin
Best friends means friends forever
signed it :3
your bot doesn't recognize an RT, nor follow the target for DM... bad bot
gone the 17th to the 25th :/
home from Orlando, finally! is it horrible to say that in my opinion Disney is far less than magical?
will do! look for my e-mail in the next few. i need some quotes. do you do hats as well?
S/0 to all the mother's out there and soon to be mother's God knows I miss my favorite lady and loved here dearly
follow back
i created one, followed and subscribed to you! (:
We are open until 5:30 today! Call if you're planning on stopping in later 414-276-2457 and let's get that Christmas shopping done!
My job is to take a bad bitch off d market ...
Let's see it on you!
subway is better
dvd's on exposing rappers & Illuminati need to stop expose these (crackers-dirty cops) these crook D.A.s these lie-in ass cops city to city
Thanks for the RT!
Yes. MT Why do we have paid admin leave? Shouldn't we stop paying public employees under suspicion of gross misconduct?
he's not gonna listen to you lmao it's a robot
The Super Moon is exact at 8.35 PST tonight Saturday. Not Friday as many have mistakenly noted.
what's the drank situation lookin like? Whatchall brangin?
My Quote. " Be Yourself No Matter Dont Let Any Demon Turn Any Other Way Without A Flaw Thats Not Who you are"
Always keep your words soft and sweet, just in case you have to eat them.
I Feel Like Im About To Be Single :/
We really want to help
I will keep you in mind when I'm looking to buy a new new one. I have a 2001 Honda I'm replacing my oldy with :-)
I love your guys website! You look like you do excellent work!
i no rite but its not as good as facebook or myspace
Thanks David! I think people will really like the new album. I'm not even done and the songs are already doing well.
Forgot I was drinking regular coffee and not decaf..
Elway on Dawkins: "He'll be missed".
*takes a fast shower, gets ready quickly, smiling big because i get to see Jason again*
But rich wouldn't pay their fair share under flat tax.
super excited to be here!
yes this is sweet
Awww, I want Sookie and Eric to get together!!!
I leave out tomorrow midday going to MD
what's up big daddy how's life treating Ya?
Yes, thank you very much for the quick response!
Want to know more about text message marketing Text PROOF to 41242
oh really? When is it? I'll put it on my calendar.
Hike to the Observatory, Lunch at Fred62, Househunting, Vday dinner and then Olympic coverage. All with my lady. Fine day.
I'm on twitter everyday , but I never tweet .
Pretending to be sick just to leave school
EVERYONE NEEDS TI FOLLOW THIS GIRL! SHE WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK! PROMISE! PLEASE FOLLOW HER
Well this really sucks! I have a cold! :'(
what Hot in MIlwaukee?never! haha nah weathers been decnt. and shit idk its the damn suburbs haha aint shit to really gt ito
doorstop, paperweight, iconic visual examples of correspondence analysis
I have 0 true true friends 0000, all I have are free riders.
Use the recorder feature to record meetings to review later on
oh wow I'm ready to verbally abuse the CVS pharmacy department
Thanks! Just landed in Newark. Lucked out on an early and direct flight! Let's talk soon, man! Movie night needs to happen!
Righ Lol I Might Ask My Mom & See What She Says
Time to get ready for school.. :/
Susan Stevens Crummel visit in our library today. Fabulous fun!
Take shopping carts for the express purpose of filling them and stranding them at strategic locations
Q14 Eat with chop sticks! You'll eat smaller portions, and slower. A great trick
I'm so happy.
she's on a diet!
thank you! missed everyone terribly. xo
You can take a picture in front of any #wonk display, but tell us in your message what kind of wonk you are
we need to get O lineman &our O could be set for yrs w young stars #Joe Cool
Also, this article The Unstructured Interactive Interview: Issues of Reciprocity and Risks when Dealing with Sensitive Topics
My make-up artist on set 2day drew 150 of the make-up designs that were used in the Hunger Games...my make up was amazing! Great day on set!
will do
Happy Friday!
The only time it's okay to take a shopping cart out of a parking lot is if you're unfortunately homeless.
In Music Meeting- Alice in Chains “Lessons Learned” this is what an Alice in Chains song is supposed to be – much better follow up
Everybody used to be careful about what they posted, now everybody is wreckless af. I hope it doesn't bite us in the ass.
Hate it when the cleaning lady gets cheeky like that
We welcome our new followers on this fabulous sunny Tuesday afternoon - , &
okay bye going to the hospital
get a brain in anyone in that organization of yours. KYLE ORTON BLOWS
Hahhaha well that is some good advice(;
Don’t waste a minute not being happy. If one window closes, run to the next window — or break down a door...
Dear Airline Industry - Just give us paper robes and be done with it. Sincerely, All of us non-criminals who fly everyday.
time for tea and cookies?
Ha! Apparently my mall job is classier than I ever could have imagined! Keeping it classy at the Square!
The one nice nite out '' And this happen's. Am not buying that story smoke is not toxic'' Did you see that black smoke'''
happy early birthday boo!!!
Bump up the volume on ur Halloween, get ur fierce makeup! Booking now for Fri & Sat costume makeup appts. Inbox me!
len start busting out some 10's!! they have been deserved SEVERAL times this season! give donald driver a TEN cranky judge!
can you help me get more followers?
the LabRats favorite comic writer!
The announcers get more hype for a LeBron miss than a 9-0 Pacers run
You should never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option
I was gonna surprise you and tell you later I donated. I guess the cats outta the bag lol. How did you know it was me?
What I wouldn't give for a couple of cold Coronas right now.
Only 1 more like to hit 4,000. Share this post with your friends!
the 4 went down the shitter! And man u have no idea, it lags when I type a text!
I ride my bike to work often & I see cars fly by me a little to close & most are messing with their damn phones.
all those commercials are badass!
Is been almost 5 months and I can barely watch spongebob w/o wanting to cry. You still cross my mind!
that coupled with the awkward blackface = one of my top ten Mad Men episodes.
Why would this be good for CA businesses?
i feel like dancing in the rain lol
of all the things granted us by wisdom, none is greater or better than friendship."
Hard to believe Mother's Day is this weekend! Share with me, what was one valuable lesson your mother taught you?
hey come back!!
JFC...It's Friday...why are you being so difficult? I should not have to work this hard on this project!
In my dreams, David Bowie has a mustache.
Book your USA #adventure tour before March 25th and bring your BFF for FREE! #backpacking #travel #ttot 1-21 day super fun camping tours!
In order for my life to begin, I need to leave where I come from.
Shouldn't it be in a museum or something?
I just want to watch Anderson Cooper. Is that too much to ask for? Lol.
November 5th Milwaukee's own Ivy Spokes is playing their debut show with Madison's glam rockers TIGER CLUTCH at Y-not I
Tebow to Jets for a 4th round pick.
I'm pretty good:) how are you?
Check ins & Chickens; a perfect match. is about to reach 10k #belly checkins and the 10,000th will win prizes from both of us
#SxSW is a bioterror dream. 50K people from all over, in close proximity. In hopefully unrelated news, I feel sick.
Tonight I will turn up and leave all this behind
I'm so going with you to get it!!!!<3 and you can get a yellow outline around it!
I thought you wrote Joe Buck....was going to say...
Follow me and spread the word! ~swagerdoodle
you are an a**hole
Great night for Boston sports!
And then in 2010 when he had the chance, he had one of his cold streaks which hurt.
Don't forget about solid Ts & Cs with your mobile apps.
The film is a good debut with a good lead performance ... and that's all
Jealous?! Yeah right! He's with me cuddling right now! #Cheater (;
I am awaiting an order of solar panels with childlike excitement. Every big brown truck could be the one.
u hurd me woman
Documenting Sat Member Play #1: Butler +8.5 (5/5 Sources Match - Red Carpet Play)
i love kiansam13 its hella funny
when aren't u reported what is the name of the thing
don't think of you as a cheese player by any means
thanks! Happy new year to u too! :)
You done a great job this weekend at YEC TN ! You touched my heart!
how is it three?!
hahaha yes! Look at my face- pure focus
Block party today @ 110 Morningside. Food, music, Car show and shopping! Would love to see you all there.
Dancing on flexiglass on top of lights & electrical will do that RT Madonna danced like a woman afraid of breaking a hip.
Yeaah buddy Rollin like Big Shot .
It's about time! How AMAZING is that place? To. Die. For.
great interview!
Or they never connected with the person who they were seeing in the first place...sad but true.
“It could have been the Jinn. Consider the possibility that the Jinn knew who or what you are to them even when you were a child."
#nxnw #sxsw Here at weirdos for some live music.
Are you loving life in Scotland?
See Broncos played Pats pretty close in regular season in Denver.
..Btw, that was the Spurs last loss, too! 14 straight wins since then, and counting! #GoSpursGo!!
we leave for two minutes and you guys start doing the fun stuff
I'll be there Sunday too
WOW! We've got a lot of new friends over the last few days. If you didn't already know we specialize in greek, organization & event apparel!
MT Google’s D.C. head talks female leadership cc
Christopher Schäffer, SPHR-CA, CPP, NOVA & Dulles SHRM member, is apptd to SHRM's Total Rewards/Comp &Benefits Special Expertise Panel.
Gah He's On To It .
Suggestion #5 Look for areas of agreement
go forth, young man!
You sound like a giraffe roach.
Oh so high...
good morning all! m learning scratch n animoto 2day.Take care:)
UK always needs a Ky native in the team
If you should follow anyone this #FF it should be F*BALL Podcast co-host/producer and my right-hand NFL man Get to it!
he's unbelievable in a live venue.
you have some pretty amazing archives if you can somehow dig that item out after all these years!
those are classic
Less than a month until the #bracescomeoff!
The newest 1:1 product is sunglasses. W/ every pair you purchase TOMS will give sight to a person in need. Fun to launch
whats wrong????? I gotcha back!!;)
its been a while. But Bailey looked great in the pen againt the phillies in the playoffs two years ago.
wahhhh, doesn't anybody ever feel
Big day tomorrow. Motivated & Determined.
damn g
Go #jay hawks!
There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. That will be the beginning. -Louis L'Amour
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. way to go mavs watch out for golden state though
YAY!! Cant wait for 3/26/13 sea of monsters movie!!!!!!:D
Student initiative for solar panels on univ. townhouses. Report by end of next week. - Richard Payant, Director of Facilities Management
Thanks to both of you for a horrible image.
there's one in almost every big town lol! :) they're all over america
Future Gains in Labor Must Come From Hiring - Bernanke
wahoooo! Send me pics. I'm gonna try to come lata.
My attempt at working out was a fail. The treadmill is broken
A3: The build up is nice, but if there is no recall of the brand then what are they paying for?
i am such a huge fan! you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol<33333333 i hope you see this, i love you<3
"Oh my god, they killed Kenny!" "You bastards!"
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless the things I say because of this medication.
Well, thank you :)
The Over is 7-0-1 in the Buffalo Sabres last 8 games as a road underdog between +151 and +200.
I like cool funny people , all that fighting and horseplaying move around .
thanks for stating the obvious hahaha
it still says 41 minutes for like 5 minutes now wth
what is it?
I'll take a call! In NYC! Happy New Year!
Don't let the battles you face discourage you from your dreams and desires. Feel privileged that God is molding you to receive them. <3
Check out our GRANDE tour of from yesterday
umm seeing as i had to urban dictionary what that was, pretty sure i'm not partaking in your nasty nonsense
Feeling sick but listening to makes me feel a lil better..
I miss you too KK ima have to come by ur house
Come try one of our Award Winning Sauces! Don't know which meat to put the sauce on? Just ask, we'll help you out! (24th & San Antonio St.)
Supporters of Kaely wore blue because it was her favorite color, her friend said
Much L.O.V.E back :-D
thanks to my followers from
Nice shot!
thought you'd you like that<U+0001F60A> hahah
I saw that. Looked strangely familiar .....
"What if..." scenarios are excellent subjects to write about. <-Fear evokes imagination.
saw not one but more than a dozen 'gators on bike ride through the Forest Preserve.
thats why I don't trust Robertson. I've said it once I'll say it a million times, he is good. Not great. He doesn'thavewhatittakes
it was nicely said.
so people don't know how to hit reply or copy and paste? You shouldnt have to change it!
They should have gotten Carl Lewis to do the national anthem.
Well that would've been nice to know an hour ago.
merry Christmas :)
next time you plan to visit NYC gimme a holla! And the honor would be all mine ;)
Goodbye, neck beard.
I'm pretty sure I have butter all over my face....
speaking at #TED about how destructive fear of failure is to our ability to innovate
better watch his back
Craig Ferguson is doing his show in GLA this week and they have been on twice so far.
Saw it. The heart’s eye; frenzied, baffled bent,before the decimate sunof argument. One lean soldier, fraction of your revenge.
gotta understand it's a deal both ways. Especially in basketball. Bo woulda signed a different player a year ago had he known.
Lay som of that blame where it belongs n stop the messenger bashing...its gettin dangerous out there¡
so sorry I missed this! Nice job!
#dcweek is a very cool data visualization startup. "take the science out of data science"
no chapters yet but our first event will be in NYC in the next couple months
My body aches, my hands are throbbing and I'm dead ass tired. Time to channel my inner Latrice Royale and get through work today.
Mass. House to unveil health care payment bill
Done. Thanks for the invite.
"The secret of your success, an awesome asst, nice! RT: : I can't survive without her. She runs GT Entertainment."
Football & potty training al day
Hot humid Sunday People locked inside cool rooms Crows rule earth & sky
Mall food court dinner.
Real Estate at Black Cat! Let's see what they're all about...
Nice! I'm jealous. Just spoke to G&P last night. They said it was 80 all last week!
Where the hell is I need to know if she's wants to go running at 4
#EBUS118 Tweet about positive experience you recently had with a business. If they're on Twitter, mention their username with the @ symbol.
My leads group heard Jennie Poppenger speak about her biz helping people with Social Media. She works with businesses and with people...
I often watch the news and wonder, when it will be the day that i am a victim of one of these crimes
I don't mind them as a trio...but none can hold their own. Can you imagine if Kourtney got her own show..
I actually share a house with someone who isn't on twitter.
He gets on my nerves
;) follow me please
I think they were looking at south America accdng to recent trips
wish u were there is like #booning but for anyone with a mobile phone. #genius via
lol dont block your number and than call me you freak
Doubt it but I'd really enjoy that RT: Can't wait to see get
always make the mistake of putting to much water in the bath, when iv been in it an age I have no room to top it up :(
so tired my eyes are burning waaaah
Absence of armed conflict is just first part of peace. Peace is about people Prof. Jody Williams
awesome!! Great to finish on field!
following you, brother
I wish would see all my amazing pick up lines :|
good morning #Bestie!! I'm doing great, 1st day off, got some errands to run then relax time. You stay on your grind.
- alright, maybe a glass of wine or two before I leave for the hair appointment would do the trick
From another Max, consider me waiting. And corrected.
Same ole shit just a different day <U+0001F305>
If you are a dog and your owner suggests that you wear a sweater suggest that he wear a tail. Fran Lebowitz
Very cute!! Looks like you had lots of fun!
Little late on this Bo Ryan-Uthoff drama, but it's pretty common to ban upcoming opponents to transfers. Entire ACC is potential opponent.
The Hawaiian alphabet consists of only 12 letters.
Getting ready to head out for the shooting of the music video, I will keep you guys posted :)
Updating my database today. I get marketing property to other brokers but I don't get marketing your services to other brokers.
Pontius Pilate failed all of his T/F Roman Bureaucrat exams for similar reasons.
yep! how could u tell? lol I'm a free-lance photographer still building up my experience & portfolio : )
Water tastes like water
why are there so many fishing related twitterers following me? I think fishing is a perfectly good way to waste a boat ride.
please follow ! its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY ! GO FOLLOW & ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME! XOX
Now when I call she tryina be my damn friend talm bout sum aw gee this yo number) (yes bitch it surely is)
At the mall with my babe <3((:
Be who you are and say what you feel. Those who mind don't matter & those who matter don't mind. Paris Hilton / Hayavi Moradi , 05-03-2012
COMMENT if you made a few memories this weekend...LIKE if you could never tell what happened to your parents.
shout out for
Was just coming home. And what a day to be here! Beautiful!
As we mentioned late last night...apologies for the momentary pause on #CoMoFirstKickCountdown, but today we're catching up!
You're welcome! That Wine Place is a good look!
no i tried with greenpois0n
Despite popular opinion, I think 's new song #iFeelLikeDancin is actually pretty good. Come at me, bro.
Best birthday text today: "A salaam a lekem Brother Elvis. Allah's blessings upon you on this holy day. -L.F."
SMOKE ALOT OF WEED BT I CAN NEVER FORGET YA
M... RT also tonight: anchovy fritti w/ crispy lemons & gremolata! lamb sausage w/ roasted peppers & green garlic pesto.
I'm kind of a productivity unicorn today
bahaha i repeat, u're not stupid
Just woke up & saw a ghost (had powerful tingling sensation all over body - goose bumps gone mad). Probably my grandmother (as dreamt her)
I invented the blue palm tree! Are you making fun of my talented Draw Something skills?! -.-
"As a leader, did you get in at least one 10-minute private chat with every member of your group to "check in" this week? by
give me all your money and give me all your residuals, i lowkey miss you, but not when i feel u taken advantage of me
"It wouldn't be bad to make a modest living from writing: no more cotton-picking!" ~ Kerouac in his personal journal, winter '47
Well, I think they are talking about .. what they are going to talk about when it does pass Congress
Toot It Nd Boot It
What did u get in your stocking?
12 tweets in the past 20 minutes, hollaaaa. lololol, please don't hate me.
Congratulations to our very own Dr. Owens for completing his first triathlon last weekend!
hit my phone we goin out
Thank you so much to everyone who purchased a copy of PA for their KINDLE yesterday- she debuted at #28! in her category
8 hours later, cold brewed coffee has been strained & chilled. And it's delicious. Cafe Bustelo is strong yet smooth and not bitter. Love.
kinda like popeyes but better to me. Get coupon. They a lil hi
Up to the second book, very hard to put the book down
I don't like feeling like this...:'/
we dont post without your permission. Can you please email on how it happened, please
i dont like when fans do that.Yeah i get it that your jealous,but u dont need to hate just bcuz u r.They still love you too
:-) Happi today is monday hope my week go well.
Happy Valentine's Day!! "All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love." --Tolstoy.
you getting the 12's nigga ?
Post pics of your makeover!
don't we have to?
Believe believe believe!! Cant wait :)
Goals for 2012: 1 Have fun with capitalization. 2 Send email to Obama administration in re: Dangerous Grout Mold.
reality TV makes me feel like my brain cells are leaking, never to be returned
Change of plans. The Treehouse: Friday, Feb. 11 Woodlands: Friday, March 25 Details coming..
just got a front row parking spot at the mall- that never happens
I have the biggest crush on literally smiling when I think about him tonight. Feel like I'm in 8th grade again. :) <U+0001F60D><U+0001F498>
I live in Texas and it's currently 2:04pm!
the possibilities are ENDLESS!!!
Or Stitch Lab does a class, or I'm happy to try to teach you!
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” <U+2015> Albert Einstein
Umm...maybe tomorrow
All I'm tryin' to say, don't sweat it. Don't be a next, be a first. Make people say there are no Bennetts :)
Tennessee Volunteers Power ‘T ’ Lapel Pin – 10KT Gold Jewelry
In hand, & in process of syncing: NEW iPad! Fresh off the (boat? plane?) from China to Newark. It's even inscribed (love my boyfriend)
Cannot wait for my workout!
Gas is getting so high I can't afford to drive to work. I drive 35 miles one way. I don't know what I'm going to do.
Thanks for a great conversation today at #sxsw!
not sure about the FF element, but it's specifically for Mac. Supposedly runs super small. Something always looks a lil off though
anyone know of an open post office in phoenix? near zip 85050. thanks!
Why this 30+ yr old lady in the restaurant acting like she 16...
Finding all sorts of people I can think of on here..im liking this so far
I take that back. Hibbert sucks tonight.
Im giving the answer soon
My bulbs are popping up! There's hope yet for spring in Cleveland.
Its a beautiful day for sports
“: Why can't life come with no consequences?” If only....
well, you can just tell me when I see you.
Guys need to come with a caution sticker saying, WARNING: I'm only going to break your heart.
please follow
Sure is! I wasn't a fan but I'm coming around haha
I'm all for hippies- but for real, if you stink take a shower before you board the cta
Chris Hardwick. He's not a businessman. He's a business, man.
Insider tip: I probably won't be drafting the #Saints Defense in any leagues this year.
Thanks for shopping! Score any new gear?
If you are experiencing crash issues in-game, please email the crash log(text file) to
Just uploaded some #LeBARC photos to #facebook. Check them out!
(part 3) My fear of the unknown is being successful at something truly challenging. I constantly feel out on a limb in this major.
Gluten free pumpkin cheesecake? Yes please! is in this month's recipe section of the magazine - on newsstands now!
Swiss Family Robinson sold out.
I'll be there...sleepy, but present! Go Allison!
please illuminate, what is #mw2010 for us sitting in our offices?
Can you text Jean and find out the security code on the verizon account and message it to me? Phone's down
definitely an A this will help ware get even more sacks
Brian's image in for Illinois - should be live now
so paula abdul is done! triflin! women will continue to be under paid :/ smh
WOW!! Sorry I missed that show!
Let's get this party started..2012 here I come!!
#ThanksGiving Gon Shake Like A$$ 2 Morrow My Granny Cookin 2 She Gone Kill Try 2 Kill A Lil Nigga I Guess Im Dead 2 Morrow.Fa'Shoooo
Happy Friday, friends! Hope you enjoy this beautiful weekend!
Cooking local ingredients is such an amazing way to experience the culture in a healthy way. Chicken with fresh tomatoes,
done and
have some B vitamins, a good breakfast, and lots of water, you'll be fine :)
DC!!! <---RT If you Agree!!! RT Question. If we has a stage night built around one city what city and what artists should be on?
bout to leave N.C. n survived it. Prayin u will b ok ;)
Alabama is it rocking that craviotto kit on the American country awards.
check out what's next for . There's a new design sheriff in town #SylvieAtanasio check us out
Longest week ever.. Time for #OffTheGrid grub with to start off my weekend!!
Congratulations to Lee Culberson! You won our Starbucks Gift Card Giveaway!
We are link-building!!! If you have a website relevant to our cause, give us a shout and we'll add your link...
feeling like you've got a flat tire? Deny it. It'll fill itself back up.
I manage a team better then Hurdle.
he's back
it all depends on how I do on that Davis quiz hahah
We would totally recommend that Bright Eyes/Kurt Vile show if wasn't the lamest venue in town. You'll go anyway!
Really?? The last time I came to FL it rained 14 inches in 30 hours and completed ruined my golf outings.
nope. He was looking for one. The answer they gave (response to real life) was okay, but I think he (and others) wanted more answers
I dread summer practices. But I just can't wait for it all ha
Fake Twitter accounts are so 2011.
where at bro
I'm ready to wrap up this project and present an impeccable piece of work that I'm pleased with, so with that being said, turn in verses : )
today is Daily WOD Rest Day Paleo Burger Patties - Seaside Kitchen CrossFit WOD
can't wait for The Wine Games at #tasteofdc ! So Excited!!
Not many people will tell you this but there is a BIG difference between Christianity and following God.
": America’s the only country where people need energy drinks to sit at a computer." So true! Why? Why? Why?
Ready 2 begin the next chapter in my life! Looking 4 a place! Lord guide my steps, I'm moving forward into what You've purposed 4 my life!
Don't stress about the things you can't change.
That feeling you get when he gives you that long hug and you just never want let go. ?
nice watch
One day im gonna marry an ICONic Boy... you just wait
That's a pretty bold confession, but LOVE that he had the stones to; probably worth a sore knee. That 9th inning was nuts.
Follow Us if you Love Boxing News, Videos, and Updates
Awesome performance by for #ltc today! Loves it!!!!
I did not look at his nut orchard, thank you very much.
so what is everyone doing???
Follow for expert political commentary and brilliant, idiosyncratic responses
A full day at APA, so much fun!
Basorexia- a strong craving or hunger for kissing.
Thanks :* ": Oomf is pretty cute <3"
Where are all my Beliebers at??!!
is killing my playoff pick'em pool!!!
I have to be at work in 20 minutes! I'm late! Thank you twitter. :)
Does anyone wanna get
u too!!! Xoxo
Watch Out For Rockets tonite! Outside 8:30P with The Calm Blue Sea, The White White Lights and The Couch
has your week been going?Have you recieved all three of these responces? 140 Characters makes me crazy!
Breaking in a new pair of boots. Wonder how long it will take?
Worst commercial on TV right now: the eTrade baby/financial advisors. Worst in my lifetime: probably the AT&T Wireless shepard and sheep.
looking to connect with ethnomusicologists for new project on urban street music in E Africa.
What's everyone doing to enjoy this beautiful evening in #NYC? It almost feels like summer!
RT if you love ßruno Mars
so i'm paying $80 for busch gardens but i'm not riding anything.
Let rain, let it pour she don't love me anymore, so let it come Down On Me. Let It come down on me Let It Rain<3
The show "Toddlers and tiaras" was named that way because "Mothers with self esteem issues" just wasn't as catchy.
#NP: Smash into you.
Hey you all should follow !!!:D Please?
Can't wait to see you tonight.
Everyone follow <U+2665> GO GO GO GO GO hehe !!
which location? But average either no wait to 15 min hat early!
Just woke up..off to the bank
I can't stand the heat thoooe.
Face down. Ass up. That's the way. We like to fuck *whistles* <U+0001F3B6><U+0001F3B5>
If everyone runs and hides when the peaceful ET's publicly land on Earth, tell the ET's too meet and talk with me, OK.
Actually i'm an NBA fan and being realistic..it doesn't take an idiot to understand whats going to happen between those teams "D
um no one haha
": That sound break sounded like church for a minute. #ImJusSayin!!! #TheGrammys"
Just gonna cry myself to sleep then.
Phil Collins voice is perfect. I can workout to it, sleep to it, study to it, procrastinate to it, jam to it, party to it
First day at my new job!
I think God just said
Can't you come up with your own tweets or are you just too stupid.
that's a great question! I have a #highered #pinterest board that I add infographics to, it's small but aesthetically appealing.
The Blind Side is on and i'm going to be crying my eyes out
So thrilled to see your column today! Thanks for giving and me a shout-out.
hope it rains this week (:
Run is done. Awesome bean soup for lunch. Fat Tire in the fridge. It's Game Day.
but it will probably be cause I'll miss everyone.
"Of course I respect woman! This one time, this girl had huge tits, and I respected that!"
Yikes, what happened?
Let's get a new #Vikings stadium. #mngop #mnleg Vote for keeping the #Vikings in the state.
Dam that sounds good!!! Can you make me one too
Things are going great! is a hot club! Do you do remixes as well?
i know my ex use to throw it to me er day
Kobe doin' it again !
Hi Wendy! Congrats on winning the ipad! You really pulled the lead!
And even if we never talk again, please remember that I'm forever changed by who your are and what you meant to me.
“: What a night this has been....” That's a understatement.
Check out our brand new website: postprisonedu.org
You are very easily my favorite blonde singing prostitute cameo from 30 Rock.
freud saw blades
same! And well is scared of the thunderstorm and she won't stop talking so I can't go to sleep until she does
You're a skater and a thug?? I did'nt know you could be both
Aww, it'll be awesome! No worries.
Never stop photographing. It is very likely that your best photograph has not yet been captured.
Why not do more, be more? Why not extend those limits?
DRAKE playlis on blast man summ old songss make me remember why he so dope <3
it would be so awesome if they actually did it!!^.^
Yeah buddy~! I'll have something to do with my life then..~ wow that sounds soo creepy.
Good money spent my friend. Looking good.
yea I was FUCCKKEEEDDD UP hahaha....work and just a new life bro I wanted to experience new shit
Playoffs are about to start, and I'm back for the whole thing to clown these Cryami cHeat fans as usual. Wheres my nigga at
Did you see the Albuquerque Aloft balloons this morning? Fear not if you missed them, pics 2 come!
So my Pathfinder decided today that it would be dead...had to be towed to garage and now I'm waiting to hear what this is going to cost me!
Sweet! My tax refund will just about cover the rest of school for the year! :D
Clients needed to expand our program,we can help navigate debt for free!!
I can help!
Lift that dumbbell 1, 2, 3. You can do it easily. Muscles have great memory. So you keep losing later on, even while watching TV!
I told Willie but I feel bad he has work I dont wanna make him do that!
2:00pm news conference to report on aliens in outer space. Will Senator Harry Reid's Dream Act now extend amnesty to Galactic aliens, too?
''Devon need to put his shirt down'' ''Idc of ur opinion'' ''fuck u'' ''im just kidding, give me a hug'' ''you always be doing this shit''
Launch party this Thursday with Enlightened Grain Spirits, 2Face-Art by Lucianne, and Candy's Cake Pops...are you on the list?
okay, look, everyone has their own opinion and guess what, oh that's right, idc you say!
Flip it back! I already packed up all my warm sweaters.
i miss my ex-bf "Ben" i admit it.. i don't want anyone being mean or being a total bitch to him :\
Any day where I can get to work and say 'oh, thank god - someone made Jell-o shots.' is a good day.
I think it was the giant douche comment that got me just want you to realize what you say before you say it
Why are banks less keen to lend to Welsh businesses?
RT : RT : Forgetting whats behind me and move on -
now, I could pretend to know what that is and say GREAT...but in reality I must ask: what's tarmasalata?
You have to keep 1, erdan, harangody or hollins who do you keep?
All honor's wounds are self-inflicted. -Andrew Carnegie
I need a new wardrobe..
Cleaning Up About to Cook For My Mom ;-)
Tiffany: "I've been alive for 26 years, and one of the smartest decisions I ever made was eating lunch today." Gosh I love my friends.
Could Today Finally Be The Day you Notice me? or is it always gonna be a dream. follow me<3 11
#FF to new followers for putting us over the 3K mark last night. Thanks for making our day!
What best and worst traits did you get from your mother? Despite my vow to be different, I see her in the mirror each morning.How about you?
I am so hungry
If this bitch don't stop rocking my chair.....
I love France! I speak it, and worked at a French cafe. How did you know?
Cmon Tracey, get Pomerantz out of the game... get the win!
Stuffed after an amazing nye dinner of surf n' turf with my hubby. Happy 2011 everyone! Wishing health and happiness!
Not enough hours in the day. Seriously.
Did anyone else see do the discount double check last night?
M Hardesty worthy of a roster spot & monitor Hillis least till gametime?
NP: - "Thinking About Forever"
The Original 7 yep!! Blessed to see all of u
Shout out to my new friend check him out!!! :))
RT : HELP! One of our most beautiful (and most expensive) pieces was stolen tonight! Sometime after 11:30pm. Please......
Come on caffeine kick in, pick me up! #LoveMyHoneyBee #Coffeebean&TeaLeaf
Thanks for RT. Have a great evening!
thanks ladies! v. excited, and much credit goes to and !
Hello to our newest follower Cheers!
He getting his money weather he lose or not
Omg me too I hate it
#scrapplenation is a great hashtag too, because if you think about it... #scrapple is a metaphor for the united states! ;-)
i love being the underdog makes me enjoy the game that much MORE..
I been good just living dealing with my crazy ass boyfriend out here lol. How have you and your girl been? Where my video?
Spending the weekend at the river. Fireworks tomorrow!
Know that you already have it, Brotha!
Do you have a lighter? No but really do you have a lighter? Thats real talk
the bigger the bill the harder you walk
did you guys go to exiled on hawthorne?
Ask him if it was up to him, would they stay in the National League? What would they rename the team?
saw #vaginalfantasy and thought of dirty tweets about lol
Today wasn't so bad im enjoying the boys right now
Perfect!!!! Keep up the good work at the golf course!!!
all i have to say is i luv my HP computer so glad to have it back =)
sweet haha at home gonna eat dinner soon.
I'm five minutes in myself. it's immoral not to utilize the education you pay for. oohh ya there you some ethics
which bar?
I'd rather start hart at first, Gomez/aoki/Morgan in right or center
Two words (sans profanity): power trip. More words: I need to do a job search tonight. Cuz my gen. Mgr won't do anything about her.
You were abt to lose it w/Kristen & "Stefon". Which was tougher to keep it together with?
das what I'm talkin bout!! When u wanna meet to grab 'em?
A good guy should bring out the best of you. But you don't need a guy to be the best you.
Meh, nevermind. I'll probably just get a fish instead.
Now Following !!!
Are there any MARC trains going soon? Those are quick and direct.
looking out the window & seeing lightening & birds makes me wonder how many birdies get hit by lightening??
Where there is love there is life. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
She want them bobby ray bands..
Cruel? No! Kind! They're on all month! Featured in May: It's the Neighborhoods and all neighborhood programs!
My all time favorite song is always gonna be Cactus In The Valley by lights. Most people might not get it, but I do.Completely
Good morning lovelys off to school.
Bullet holes in the window of the light rail car I'm riding on.
Trying to get my kids to eat anything "new" for dinner is like watching an episode of toddler FEAR FACTOR. the faces, the gagging. Amazing.
Check in RADIO AND SHOUT U OUT
“: Amazing that Train still has time to tour & also be the official house band in the 9th circle of hell.” HA but I love that song
Happy new year
“: Only 3 people want me to write their usernames?”write mine;D
Is that beiber??!
About to take the stage @ GIG ON THE STRIP and make a "shout out" to Ruben Garcia, owner of this unique listening room. *<];•}$ SCOTT
well alright
#WelcomeBackAndy great to see Pettitte come back
manny, manny ... I don't know how I can deal with him lol
I miss Jake. I'm ready for him to come home from the doggy hospital.
lol ok, but what is he talking about in his song??
Well we can motivate each other lol :-) One day at a time...
Always happy to RT #truth ! RT : Thank you for the RT!
you say i was different on the bus today? haha maybe you should see whose but ur up and maybe you will be different too
Bailey needs to start coming over more often... I miss him!!
Hell yea. I can make dhat pussy squirt all ova my dick mama .
": Listening to someone telling a story and thinking to yourself, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie haha"
did I miss 3 don't blow up!!
I totally need a MacBook. Video editing is so much easier on a Mac.
Have you been to the BiTKOO booth at Dev Connections yet? Get a demo of Keystone, our flagship identity and authorization management product
At Social Media for Nonprofits #sm4np this morning
NO4 IN CHILLIN NICE SPOT GREAT FOOD & PEOPLE
I miss Blockbuster.
I need a better source of income!
Art-making taps into our flexible intelligence, helps us remember our connections, feel hopeful, hold contradictions...
great job Ravens
I'm so graceful, it hurts. I mean, I literally hurt myself with my grace.
New dance shoes will debut tomorrow. Can't wait!
You still up? :)
You guys, I just bought new colors on Draw Something and I'm really excited about it.
Thanks for the recent RT's and faves!
Solid performance + possibly a place for Joseph in 100 free at 1.08.77. Close to an entire second faster than best time.
Not only is it later than you think, It's sooner than you suspect. . .
Did you hear about the next #DCDrinkUp? 6P on Leap Day (Wed) at We The Pizza then leap in front of the Capitol & other DC icons!
helpp get austin to follow me tell people to retweet it!
Glad you're writing. Best of luck with the story! And NYC is great--when will you come up for a visit?
Im Switching To E-Z Wyder's : )))
the song is Great <3 this is why you are my inspiration <3
this is the year the Thunder break thru. I still have the Heat. The Celts were struggling against the Sixers
#NowPlaying Hit The Lights
Beautiful shot!
Watching "Chelsea Lately" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Relaxing Sundayz..Sports are on!
I just seen car accident @ lakeview & Logan st. Thankfully no one hurt
where you been bro
I cannot stand when you're there for someone, but when you're the one that needs something from them they can't pull through.
thnx for subscribing. you are likely the first in a long line of LA moms that will want to read about my deeply personal biz
Attune RTD Executes Exclusive Sales Agreement with Desert Electric Supply For ... - MarketWatch (press release)
oh this will be a PHP app :)
#CelebApprentice me too. Dicko you are amazing. Remember age is a state of mind!
Thanks for adding . Check out www.wherethehottiesat.com to find the hotties of San Diego.
stay tuned... you never know what we are up to!
That's great! One of these days, there will be a fairy-tale post, and you won't even realize it.
made us dance, us lean in, and is up next. It's a good night at
Definitely going to fall asleep during yoga tonight. #namaste <U+0001F4A4><U+0001F4A4>
Want heathy sexy hair? Get a Keratin Glazing today!
nice! That's where lots of people have their tattoo! What is yours?
it's cool, bring it! Extra small aint shit. Besides, I got red rocket on my team 8=========D
I'll call him tomorrow if there is a way to get a hold of him. This will be...epic. I'll get it done.
totally agree! RT : The C-Suite has gone Tablet!
Awkward talks with my dad <<<<
LOL. Can't remember what I said yes back in oz. Be back in La soon. How you going?
Who!! <3 YOUR NEW VIDEO I LIKED IT
Lol, faggot tryna call me gay i can actually get GIRLS.
Hey mother in-law!!! <3
She doesn't mind is on the radio <33 gah. I love this song
Final Perk===Finals Fiesta!!! May 1, 7-9 pm on the library terrace.
Blake Lively<U+0001F60D>
A medium bodied pinot with hints of cherry, very lush and is food friendly would be the Pinot Noir...pair it tonight!
i got it the second i read it...
With and Shawn Morrisey. I remember it well.
Praise on high,,,Praise on Max,,,,Team Jesus Lets go,,,,
#SometimesYouHaveTo Lick it..before you stick it...youve gotta tap it... before you slap it... lmao
I wonder if people in France and Germany say, "Excuse my English, but......"
then i won't be available until 18th :(
sure sophie, what kind of business do you do??
I want to be the Preezy of the United Steezy
ok nice word dude
So excited to spend my Valentines day with :) <U+0001F60D> love you <U+0001F618>
Anyone else think The song, "Sexy and I know it: was written about swimmers?
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 357
Those who take part in creating the problem couldn't be part of the solution. --ABDEL MONEIM ABOUL FOTOUH
Lookn at da book of eli just now seen it
the new facebook api is good, but the first version wasn't very good. I love that you can quickly find out someone's likes.
#iThinkOfYou when I take a shit
Spent the night watchin movies with my girl! Awesome time with her
Tour groups comprised of 20-30 teenagers supervised by one adult should be forbidden from entering Disney World.
#YouTubersInIrene spamming this
You never know what you got until the day its gone. :\
dead-on accurate. owes him a big apology - not 4 the leak, but the "guilty" rants of their "heads" following
Sounds perfect, enjoy! Yea it's always busy around here :) Just crossing our fingers for some more spring sunshine.
Celebrate 40 years since the Summer of '69 with $69.00 rate for a Fri/Sat/Sun (advance reservation and payment required) www.marriottclt.com
has raised $4.3 million in Series A funding to bring fresh local produce to a store near you
Hospitals are beautiful and exciting. Being at them always makes me wish I'd pursued surgery - liike my parents wanted.
Yumm that looks so amazingly delicious!!((: IloveYou Chachi!! :D <--One of the best dancers right here(;
Oh, good! So glad to help!
Performing for the first time in years tonight. Can't wait.
Glamorous morning, starting with a trip to the dentist....
believe me, we want to have a new song to release lol hows your 2012?
That was simply awesome!! :) TYVM for the kind #shoutout!!
Day 30: Legs freshly shaved, the bell lap, the home stretch, the final countdown. Bum honed & thighs toned.
lol then wake yo ass up...
picked up reading again on the plane.. Don't know what to spend my time reading tho.. Tech or fiction
We've worked with an NBA team, MLS team & major footwear brand in past month. We'd love 2 work with u! Email
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill. - Buddha
Lol, Claire and I were watching Full House and I had to explain so many things about the 90s to her.
We still have a few Meebo widgets floating around various places too, but at least it keeps on working.
Journalist wants 2 profile me 4 biz mag re: self-made millionaires. Editor says no cuz I write clit lit. Score another 1 for #misogyny !
Somebody just put Tatu's "all the things you said" on the jukebox. #Really?
Wow! So proud of you guys for getting to perform at Madison Square Garden! So amazingly cool! Knock 'em dead :)
Hope everyone had or is having a great spring break!
This afternoon's tunes-stew will include
sounds about right lol or perhaps I should have phrased the question how many female slps
who is bernie I am so lost....
ouch I feel your pain try hot water and rest
I back Wisconsin.
I'm just one guy, I'm doing my best. :)
Poised Creation has listened to you and we want to bring you music the way you want it!
Thanks to Eric for delivering the Comm-unity posters to Whole Foods!!
That awkward moment when you're in the middle of telling a story and forget what the point of it was...
I close my eyes, and i can see a better day, I close my eyes and pray. <3
Travel is more than the seeing of sights; it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living. ~ Miriam Beard
Rain in AZ...what a happy surprise :D
thank you for the kind words Based God. You're truly an inspiration to all mankind!
sometimes I have eat before and after but usually just before. Thanks for the info though!
Flying up to NH. Dad received new kidney this morning thanks to unknown organ donor & great team at Lahey Clinic. Thanks 4 prayers & support
My sure your #Following !
I use "Existential Crisis" as a figure of speech in my personal rhetoric, but I don't quite understand existentialism. #hypocrite?
Oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive
One examample of absurdity of UN: Libya sits on the Human Rights Council!!
Oh, man, I've really let some LinkedIn invitations go to seed here.
Wine Bar in River?
we are living a tvless existence this week...I hope it's online soon
Toaster: A gift that every member of the family appreciates. Automatically burns toast.
RT : Scientists measure the pleasure rewards of self-disclore, find similarities to pleasure from food, money,...
hehehe you are
Cubs vs Sox, NATO, FB IPO. What else could happen today? #FF to you and yours.
Bills rookie receiver TJ Graham will be on the show at 4:05
I knew that nap after work was a BIG mistake. Now I can't sleep to save me! LORD, HELP!
I just heard the emergency broadcast system tell me about my real emergency rather than the test of the EBC and it was eerily scary!
#FULLCOURTLIFE so I'm wondering if she's going to have a baby
even tho l am dead ass tired.
If this had come out earlier, Mitt could've used it as selling point w/ voters as example of being more anti-gay than Santorum.
yeah i bet ur wondering were am i
RT []: People in the inner city of Milwaukee want jobs and don't want to be ignored between elections.
anything is better than Lily Hellpern or w.e
Thank u for Rt!
and I always will no matter what either baby <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764> you make me the happiest and my day brighter
I'm on it.
just did
Don't like the circumstances but can't wait to see my brother!!! These flights are killin me
Happy Birthday Peace And Blessings.
400 line long SQL function? Yes. I've got that.
Yah they don't always like it when I call their country "Canuckistan" either.
did you FLY to Toronto? Did you have a good time at TCAF??
No problem! Thank you for having me and being so awesome!
Thank you #Team24Infinity You got us to 400!!!
You always did look the best in Green and Gold IMO
Watching the old show Friends, it rocks man.
You are enough #beyourself #nojealousy “: "You cannot chew with someone else's teeth." ~ Jewish Proverb”
never again !!
Perfect day to celebrate the birth of on the #Edelman rooftop after work
“Sometimes the most precious things we have are also the ones we take for granted the most.”
I agree! In of my mottos haha
"Make sure these doors are locked at all times, it's black bike week." - Kenny Powers Hahahah, I love Eastbound & Down.
always feels bad whenever I'm unprepared for class, but then I just think I'm returning the favor.
Layin in bed listening to music and Txtn ppl... Hmu if ya gotz the numba... If not ... ASK!!!<U+E105>
Teacher : What is a comet ?Pupil : A star with a tailTeacher: Can you name one ?Pupil: Lassie !
Ah, weird, nerdy friends.... I love reading your nerdtweets.
"because denmark people are just all about swag, dude"
You know you used too much spice when you take a bite and start singing Couscous on Fire to the music of Dreams on Fire.
Poutrage is far and away my new favorite neologism.
We place money around the city ( cards worth money)
Believe none of what you hear and half of what you see.
115 cappers posted today with a consensus from their picks on KY Un & Ohio St, off a winning day yesterday with Wash St..See ya @ the window
Sorry...empty taco shells for you tonight.
2 days till #BreakingDawnPart1! ah!!! can't wait! :D <3
A few lol : so u sayin darker not hot?
can I come?... Wait where you headed
Congrats to ALISDAIR LEE, lyricist and co-composer of MAN DATE @ Notes from a Page, Emerging Artists Theatre New Work Series! Bravo!
Its called having dinner :D
hey follow
its ok I'm so toasted ill probably forget who came
wudup sexy hands?
dont worry about anything
My uncle works at a radio station >:P
I've had a lot of luck with query letters. Like most, I started pitching the script way before it was ready=OUCH
Off to church!
Holla! RT Making it happen with the captain! Holla! @ Captain Morgan Club
Great time 's #ArtAlive last night, even tho someone was wearing the same dress I bought in Tokyo. !!
haha yes. now if only there was a way to communicate "get your shoes off" indirectly...
i fucking know right? i'm gonna get it back eventually though c: just gotta steal it. i still have my key though c;
u suck lol. Really sly would u do that. Lol
follow me please and I'm always cheesy
So Lemmie tell y'all about the mother's day flowers I got today...
“: Tequila, Tapas, cloud security, tokens at 20 paces. 2751 at #rsac to find out where. Ok, no cloud security talk after 9:01.”
I hope Puck butchers his face!!!
Best homemade clam chowder, ever.
#THATCamp #LAC campers: the wifi information has changed for the camp-the details will be on slips of paper in your nametag holders
Moving bookshelves around -- trying to make it look less like a library in here before my MIL's visit.
: How do you think her mother feels?
make that ass jump
#20FactsAboutMe I finally made a rap song, even though I can't rap
I recently completed a fun #voiceover project for -- check out their web site!
Please fix your fucking bulleted list algorithm! Sick and tired of having to backspace, CR to get rid of stray bullets.
you know it <U+0001F64C>
who said that?
Love #DeanStreet Love
good!(: how was your birthday? :D
Wayne Shorter.
About to see BEST EXOTIV MARIGOLD HOTEL. I am by far the youngest person in the theater.
Ha! ": Stick a QR code on it! (a la Portlandia) #pla12"
larry brown always looking to teach
Of course. I got sick before Vegas, before Nashville, why should my vacation to NC be any damn different?!
Fear the Deer-Cheer the Beer
Dance studio all night.. In this thaaanggg!
Friend: "What's up your butt!?" Me: "It's what's NOT up my butt! :(" lol
#sschat I agree!
has defeated UCI once already this season. Let's do it again.
I understand dSpace requires lot more programmer effort than fedora but I don't know. I intend to play with both soon.
Happy Monday #ClubAwesome! Hope you all have a great week!
You're welcome! <U+2665> RT Thank you, Brooks.
Join our mailing list to get the latest updates
Fav pajamas, Christmas tree lights, hot green tea, Frank Sinatra playing in the background, and my kindle on pg 230 of my new book!
lololol yuck. I don't even get why they follow random people. What are they trying to accomplish? Haha
still super sick :'(
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration. - Ansel Adams
Show me love and like my page www.facebook.com/agloenterprise thank you my tweeters! lots of blessings your way!
i gotta admit, it was pretty damn funny!
Good Luck on Taks or Staars tomorrow!! I know I'm gonna fail :(
I opted for #thekilling tonight. I'll catch up on #madmen and #thegoodwife tomorrow. Can't wait.
Gotta love when you run into old friends.
Woohoo, first jazz dance class of the year! Now need to keep it up..
Ah hurry and get here already before i fall asleep! \(._.)/
This why we are here. This is why we play. nobody else can do this. But us.
Thanks for the FF! Have a fabulous weekend :)
Cute sundress and flip flops!
Why are you yelling at me?! : )
"Gads, Ann, I feel so empowered this morning." "Why is that, dear?" "Money, dear. The boys at Bain looted another business."
#Civilunions protesters on the CO State Capitol steps can be heard from the House floor. They're demanding debate today!
Unbelievable 9th inning by the #Brewers, comes through in the clutch!
Just did a wrkshop Russell Davis's newpiece with awesome folk playing an EveningMorningTiger & an Ibis-so love being an actor!
No fair!
Can't wait for first trip to today!
Hello to our newest follower ! Us Grannies look forward to reading about your rentals and packages!
does anyone know of ANTI-tech in Edu tweeters? would love to follow some of them...
It's #WhyILoveMuseums day! Share the love & tell us why you <3
lol updating the icon time haha
This mother fucking stalker.
You better check yoself before you wrickedy wreck yoself
GreenMorning Twitter World.
Gonna have to up the standards on my football tweets; now being followed by .
Awww never that! I'll be back soon!
- where did you find that crazy carrot?
SweetAngus is too young to know the joy of schadenfreude - but it made me smile.
Lauryn Hill tonight.... Its time to get in my head.....
so excited for our birthdays <U+0001F60A> sleepovers again <U+0001F44D>
If the Quince hadn't been canceled, the family would of been getting ready to go or alreadt at the Beach In L.A.
First of all isn't the wife ur friend! Don't get involved!
Woohoo!! Thanks for supporting this wonderful cause, Spencer! :)
Been mega-busy and neglecting twitter. Lost like 3 followers, but that's a situation for another time. Goodnight twitter.
That's nice and early! My finals are next week with grades due the week after that. Getting closer.
Hey I let you see somethings (;
please come get me at 12:30
Yeah, well people haven't run into YOU. You are a force of nature. You teaching again?
#BestOf on Foursquare? Yes, please! Get Seattle’s best tips AND follow the best food, shopping + more across the county!...
At taco johns!!!
Good morning Twitter Fam. Hope everyone had a great Mothers Day wknd and that you showed love to all the important mothers in your life!
Dudes. Best waffle puns. Go!
Anyone know of an abandoned industrial or warehouse space around New York that I can use for a film shoot? Any tips would be appreciated!
check out my meetup group Genuine Girlfriends of New York City! We have couples meetups and more!
Just recorded with the Boss of the stix . Big Smo. I think all will be having a Good Ole Time.
well I'm trying to look good <U+0001F4AA> So I have to diet
2 Fridays away boo;)
DHC's is at this morning with Demand Energy Networks' CEO Dave Curry to talk about
Chicago is a woman A fickled woman An amazingly beautiful fickled woman She's the mistress of all other cities They can't get enough of her
Still happy about the #Giants win over the Patriots yesterday.
your so hard to get noticed by ): I still love you thoughh <3
I'm going to go wash my hands for the last 10 minutes
WATS UP? :D
Lots of survival camping, huh? That can be brutal on a relationship.
A Brady Hoke coached team loses to a ranked opponent yet again. Get used to it Michigan fans :)
you may
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a dream.
going to watch american idol laterr . letss go hailey .! (:
Going to bed now, Cal's been sleeping for 2 hours now, lucky bastard.
Even if DIaz won I think there should be a rematch in June! Too close!
Hey, it's the guy who played Doyle Bennett from #Justified on the Mentalist.
Where is Susan Powell??? She went missing a month ago in Utah....
- Amen! "I have Chanel taste on a Wet N Wild budget."
Realized the Seder had devolved into pure drunkenness at the deep textual discussion not of the Torah but of "The Horse with No Name."
RT Can you please please send my friend the Patriots Superfan to the big game??
Gonna give doggy a bath before leaving for the night
Wow there is some absolutely convoluted justification going on at this Mormon funeral. So much earnest bollocks spoken.
uh wishing I had that red velvet cake !
i'm literally counting down the days untill school ends.
We grabbed a Facebook username that says exactly what we are: Outdoor #Ad Experts. "Like" us at www.facebook.com/OutdoorAdExperts
my father promise me if I had a reply from u give his new car "it is Ferrari" pleas pleas pleas <U+2639>
Light skin vs Dark skin thing is the stupidest shit around like wtf either way ur still black smh I hate that black ppl don't stick together
Yea I found out I'm 5'4 yea!! I grew 2 inches since I was 10!
Hey, thanks for the recommendation! Blessings!
I have two NEW residential window jobs this week, thanks to Twitter!
About to sit down to a special Italian Passover menu at Perbacco Ristorante in San Franciso.
Hey, thanks! Might have to steal the "beeriodical" term. RT your beeriodical is looking good!
not the worst
if I'm a STH but my two guests aren't, can we all sit in the MS area or do I need to sit with them in the east?
OK, so, I give money to one time - and now, Barack, Michelle and Joe Biden keep emailing me asking for more like everyday...
k just stop cos like..
:) my life at its finest
#Consistency and
it's a Canadian bloody Mary. Bound to be different.
We are in the process of setting up a Groupon! Can you please help us by adding a review on Google, Urban Spoon or Yelp asap?
wat u gon b drinking on
It's a Kid Cudi type of night
To all you jerks ordering jimmy johns in this rain: GO AND DIE.
Thanks for doing! Looking forward to sampling your oil & snacks. :) Here's to #VegFest2012!
Thanx Phillie, had a great time....and a cheesesteak!
thanks for a great event last night! We'd love to work with you all again soon! : )
Jealous! took me to see last time he was in town. Hilarity.
RT : DTownThreads setting up at Cobo for the 2012 NAIAS. Looks like this year's show is going to be great!
when I grow up I want boobs like that.
someone text me
its not true unless there is picture proof!
single point :O AEX Tech Tips Episode 3: Installing a Single Point Sling Loop
I wish I was there and could get a shake :(
Congrats on the new addition! Best wishes to your family and get well soon.
Thanks! We really appreciate the support. And what could be bad about a cheeseapalooza?
I'm so very sorry Junior Seau couldn't find the strength and the help needed to not make so horrible a decision to kill himself.
Love my team! #TeamHEAT <U+0001F3C0><U+0001F525>
You can tell a lot by a quick intvu on a night like this..RG3 seems cool, calm, collected
so sorry to hear about your dad, love. He was obviously a great man; he raised a great son.
See ya..
are you gonna be in Vegas at all next week?
so guitar aka music is ur life?
What are you taking?
Another dumbass move by Smokes. Leaving Villareal out for another inning. Will be at least 6-3 going to bottom of inning.
Freakin wasp stung me on the chest today. Swole up so i put ice on it. Now it looks like a hickey :/ Fml
RT : Gross! RT They make Apple Bottom jeans for men now???? o_O Smh! I wish I got a picture. #wheretheydothatat?
The chamber orchestra is practicing in Studio F for performance of Uncommon this weekend. Nice to hear live music in the office!
Exactly. :) Wish you would have been there! Dinner this week?!
Ny Giants! Manningham is new David Tyree!!
feeling majorly misanthropic right now.
damn mom its your day, you pick what we doin.......
Go Big Blue! Like this status if you're cheering on the Giants today!
Mall in Tuscaloosa! Wish would stop short talking me!!
that's a bad ass lawwwd lol
Cam's cover of long distance call is so great
is thinking about auditions. info soon.
I'm painting my toes <U+0001F631>
now we talking got u bruh ,,, sending them now
So nice to see the committment and hard work of winter training paying off.
I love you.
Boss gave me numerous kudos for my awesome work this week (not the kudos bar - )
I'm still in ATL just been under th radar watching this foolish stuff n the body but stay tuned change is here!
True or False: Social Networking is a waste of my time...
#ComplimentSomeoneOfTheOppositeSexDay You have nice facial hair.
Jay Bruce, definitely.
Thanks Lee. Do you have any pictures of the BICAL CHEVROLET uniforms that you can send us?
Go read what tweeted about publishers & ebooks. I think my head just exploded.
Thanks for the follow! Happy designing.
//thanks! hope you and your fam are well!
Just turned the heat on for the Sunday school class next to us
Flowers, chocolate-dipped strawberries or schmaltzy cards? Nope. I'm psyched about DOING NOTHING for Mother's Day.
So I know that today is a popular birthday date. I also know that several (in)famous people were born.
Best Rapper Award goes 2 .. wait, what year & era R we talking? #WeAllNeed 2 understand there's no J or drake w/o KRS/Rakim CBlow or GMFlash
Time for some bubbles in the evening sun.
True Story.
"Barbie can do anything. Except like black magic...and bending at the elbows"
another one I couldn't find on the web, the Delmore Brothers "Kentucky Mountain" is very pretty.
Strauss-Khan's charged w/ aggravated pimping; is there a lesser style of pimping in France? Maybe a pimpsdemeanor?
Just signed my first client!
Jason Segel is the man
a nigga need pizza
Great information from NYSCA's Lisa Robb today at Arts and Cultural Council for Greater Rochester.
demo'd the new native app yesterday. Social Selling is becoming real this winter. Timelines and all.
Lets pimp the system
America's hat here we come. Boarding for Vancouver!!!
FRINGE IS ON!
thankyou but omg like, it came out of nowhere. Btw, we still need to trade faces ;)
This is the start of something great
TikiDolls! We want to get to know YOU! Tweet your favorite outfit and mention us, for a 10% discount on your entire purchase at Tiki! (:
Feel like I'm on top of the world.
i emailed them the other day. do you think it's a good gig?
It is estimated that 13.7% of household water is wasted by leaks. Check your water meter when no one is using water in the house.
Beautiful finish today!! Good luck in the Final!
depends of the activity! if you're just taking pictures at a party, a strap is enough. If you're traveling, go for the case!
stop dressin up like Gordon Freeman get down to PDX. See ya tonight.
site is solid:)
The 5th discipline. The answer to how is yes. Books to read.
Nice to see Berbatov on the field at Old Trafford. He's been wasted by MUFC; a fine player for some other team. Hope he gets the chance.
When I read the letter you wrote me, it made me mad mad mad. When I read the news that it told me, it made me sad sad sad.
Your Own Landslide- Good Problems <3
I'm not sure the refs know the definition of what "foul" means
What a good run for For all the negative energy from the media he stuck it out for the cameras.
This new schedule is some bull shit!
Network Notes taste like Ulcer.
Thanks SDA! Stay dry today!!
I've been listening to it non-stop since the finale, you did an amazing job!!!
that's so tryue hun thanks for the advice ;) you so wise
I am! Ready for my new show to begin. RT : NEW trailers for #bbuk will be airing next monday if they are ready! Who's excited?!
When you wait for the hard set to go to the bathroom
IT'S TIME TO TALK ABOUT HOW MR. POTATOHEAD CAN EXPRESS MORE EMOTION THAN KRISTIN STEWART
orange back up drive is back in reg room if anyone sees Anna!
Whats the probability an will be hanging out around IAD tonight around 9pm?
Sleepy time.
Sometimes, I think you like me but sometimes, I think you don't. So confusing.
After all the hype, "Girls" pilot really disappointing. Don't know who decided that hanging out in bathrooms was a thing.
Sorry to hear about that. We're checking it out right now and you'll hear back from us soon!
Enjoy the Sunday with Mimosas, Wine tastings, and Shipyard Applehead beer on special!
So did you ever get over to the Bakehouse?
this week's #DC fun fact: #PresidentBillClinton is speaking at tonight!! probably as i write this! :D
An ant has no quarrel with a boot.
Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why...Henry Van Dyke
Disregard the previous stupidity leak. Kids eat free & 2for1 drafts tonight. And a nap for a certain manager :)
Dreaming but dreams come true too... Jammin out at fire pit, that would be bad ass!
I will laugh the day you run out of jokes.
S/O to for being cool and funny as hell!
Jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.
The hubby rockin our lil one to sleep :)
Agreed. RT I like how while Pan Conrad is speaking, Ashwin Vasavada behind her is nodding his head, "yes, yes"
Congrats to Anastasia Gentilcore, who won our drawing to Carols & Cocktails on 12/21 at last night's Young Patrons HH. More info to come!
ditto. i agree. i just think Cal ... well, you know.
Don't fight.
Thanks Bec! Glad my character was hungover and slept in his car last night. I was so method...
I mean you look really good!
also, WHERE WAS I WHEN THEY PLAYED ALL THESE SHOWS IN AMERICA FUCK
I done sumthn real stupid and I need help to fix it
I listen to the news every morning and can usually find a class connection easily... so awesome.
ugh perfection on stage tonight
For once it'd be nice to see that you care....that you actually give a damn about someone other than yourself
or why "weather guy" is derogatory and "weather man" is politically correct. I thought it was funny!
Editing the season 5 finale of Always makes me so hungry!
me too!
RT us baby!!! is our remote & writer. Creating something great 4 Miami Marlin baseball. #GOFISH (That will b our main hash btw).
ha! *high five*
Is playing video games on my nintendo 64 because that's just how cool I am.
carving out something pretty cool. In the home stretch and have to nail down some cool stuff today. Wild and fun town this UB
what one? And what's up?
Off to ytown
So, I'm an #NPR reporter, and every time I start to talk, I am compelled to say "so." Why is that?
“: Im follow and retwwet and i will follow U BACK”
"I don't know if this is a good strategy, but it seems to be a strategy." - Chris Webber on the Clippers intentionally racking up technicals
I was into throwing strikes before it was cool. RT C.J. WILSON'S MANTRA OF "THROW STRIKES" WENT MAINSTREAM TOO QUICKLY.
First day on the job. It's gonna be a damn good summer.
If you haven't been outside yet today I suggest you get out there and soak up the awesomeness
I was busy working and serving at my church. We kicked off a week long community service project.
Character is the ability to follow through on a resolution long after the emotion with which it was made has passed. -Brian Tracy
Thanks Mark!!
RT Strangers smiling at strangers on the street. Isn't it uncanny how the nicest people end up in Houston? via (#HIWI)
., you're my only hope. Free tonight?
To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.
good! tell I know he tryna eat right but.........." I Got theese cheeeaasse burgers!!"
Accurate typo! MRT Maybe I need some rehab, or maybe just need some sleep, I got a sock obsession, I'm seeing it in my dreams
THANK GOD IT'S FRIDAY!!!!
It's #RainingMen wat u worried about?
When office building and each suite has clear no soliciting, you expect me to be nice when you knock on my door, soliciting?
Tired of tryna prove shit to everybody.....
Morning traffic ... bleh ...
Even though you have her #iWillAlwaysLoveYou (:
MT met today and says he is (insert adjective) in person!! How about a RT for a BIG Cards fan?
YOUR HER GIRLFRIEND BUT YOU NEVER TALK TO HER ON THE PHONE
park street cantina
Thanks!! I am blessed to have two talented sisters and a very smart french chef of a boyfriend to put it all together!
Indeed. Plus, it's a better workout than carrying around some bitty MacBook.
I love when my iPod is on shuffle & every song that plays is awesome & I don't have to skip any! #It'sthelittlethingsinlife
hey i love ur videos please follow me :) thanks so much
First rule to building a new wardrobe...get rid of stuff you wore 10 years ago. Same is true with new success. Clean out the closet!!
WHERE? : you can win a contest to go to prom with the sundrop girl? wow xD
late for hell, might as well take my time
thanks, Hannah! Enjoy your afternoon!
welcome to the twitterverse & are good people!
Forcing myself to do TDD this week. Results in more and better unit tests for sure but also carpal tunnel.
thank you #WorthHiggins for the great #donation. We received housewares for #homeless families that are moving off the streets
I loved your free style song tonight. That was so cute!! Always a great time. You never know what to expect with you, lol.
oh. it's almost midnight?
Fuck hoes wit no emotion..n fade away like.kobe postin
as journalists-we must educate and enrich lives. Not destroy them for profit....
Saw yesterday and I am proud of this film & what it ultimately conveys. The ending scene is legit.
thanks baby<3
You're hot!!
Sometimes everything just seems to work out perfectly...
Does anybody even care to look at ur tweets...Im surprised u have followers cause ur WHACK LMAO
watch your tone of voice robyn..... dont get nasty
same here! I almost cried at school... But my friends an I are going to Detroit.
While waiting for a copy of the rough cut to compress, I'm reading "The Unconquered" by Scott Wallace. Love stories about the Amazon.
very nice. Just making sure I haven't crossed paths with you!
Singing.. "Aint no stoppin us now... We're on the move!!" #oldsoul !!!
“: Booty so round, waist so skinny..”that's you:)lol
please follow she follow back !
It's FIERCE FRIDAY Today at Smashin' Lashes Couture Eye Studio come in and receive our Fierce Friday Lash & Brow Special
going to florida with isabel on the 24th! cant wait!
However you wanna phrase it. Gretzky and Lemieux don't play any more, so it's not really worth bringing them up.
HAHA yeah, that's obnoxious. What is wrong with people?
"Let my meat cook good and well." - Dude ordering a sandwich, in public!
Aww, shucks! We wish you could have made it, too. How was #WestSideStory?
Received a Facebook friend request from a drag queen named "Pickles Flambe." I love my life.
agree, esp. bc when FLA played OSU nobody gave MICH the chance for rematch, they lost to #1 and Gators lost by 10 to Auburn
Finally starting feel better after wkend in the hospital/surgery best nurse ever & gets man of the year award 4 this one ;)
I KNEW the last crawl was missing something. A theme song. Obviously.
Get Up, Get Out & Get Something
Oh Channing tatum was in that commercial oh la fuckin la
heard great reviews regarding your book. Look forward to reading it! Doing a book tour?
Yup, we're social too - that is why you can book your #travel in your calendar by your preferences in mins - We don't waste your time!
If you can give your child only one gift, let it be enthusiasm
lol!!! The day I'm that lucky, I'm buying a shit ton of lottery tickets!!
most definitely!
hopefully they will throw you the mic cause Axl can't sing worth a fuck
We want innovation without experiencing failure. We want to embrace the new without risk. We want to adapt but fear the death of familiarity
This is what I was talking about last night -->
here comes your receipt!
you sing like a sweetheart
nothing beats the cool weather and colors this time of season.. We're still in the 80s here in
Nothing like a great haircut to start off the week
I'm mad he called me little red riding hood though -.-
23 days until summer
the foul calls is ridiculous on the bulls! That's only thing keeping them in the game
Yayy! Congrats! RT : OMG! Just confirmed admission to !! Can't wait for this Fall!!
Almost like Aaron Rodgers hasn't played in a live football game for 3 weeks. Hmm.
Re-entering the workout world involves the use of ramps over stairs and the metal bars alongside toilets in bathroom stalls.
The first step to Entrepreneurial success is leveraging relationships ~
Right not, to reach 90 wins, the Sox would need to play .600 ball over the last 131 games.
I have been informed that there's a package at my house. may or may not have delivered deliciousness.
Happy Kwanzaa from Prevent Blindness America!
One beautiful lady
Turns on just rings. Gonna get a refurbbed black 4gig, only 80 bucks cheaper then getting it fixed, low on fund though.
save some for me
Dead out here...be back tomorrow.
Text ADD3038612333 to 574549 to SMS subscribe to 3 little birds salon on KRILIX 4 discounts and our upcoming events!!!
I asked her straight up nd she didnt even attempt t reject it
I'm so pissed yet happy! happy- brother&sister in law are engaged pissed- brothers ex took away my niece she a whore who need 2 rot in hell!
Don't forget...this Sunday is #MothersDay!
go with chris to the beach tomorrow! He's being a punk and doesn't want to go
Yes, a rarity these days
so the #packers have to trade for colt mccoy now.
whoop whoop!
30 min run <U+2611>. Return to
yes but I'm fretting
Just saw a guy seemingly riding home from work (in shirt, tie & slacks) on a #Unicycle! :-/
Spent entire day editing friend's reel and my short film Rain Dance. Both look awesome. Now sleep.
We will be at #summerfleacolumbus tomorrow! Come check out our booth for some great deals!
See you there! RT Are you ready for some CONFERENCE? (Sing in line with the "Are you ready for some football?" tune.
Yeah, we'r waitin it out like a hurricane watch at this point lol!
Nice trade! Hardy is young (27) w/pop (61 HRs last 3 yrs), while Span (1 of AL's best leadoff hitters) is everyday CF
Practice your sound bites in advance.
Got damn it's hot out here
I wuv listening to Hannah by Freelance Whales. <3
Dear thanks for sending my gear so quickly...it's been great on the Whistler slopes!
autumn leaves
In Bible Class!
Plans for lunch? Come on over to Acme Hotdogs for our Tuesday $4.25 All American Combo Special! Cleveland Av, so of 161
Finally sitting down to watch the first four eps of Alcatraz. Thanks, DVR, you're a lifesaver... if tv shows were remotely life threatening.
- that was TOUGH to watch. re: Jr's mom talking
Think i should do a Valdez look with my beard.
I'm trynna keep a smile on my face
Thank you Mark. I did! Wishing you a wonderful new week.
I just hit the Gold level with my Starbucks card. Mission Accomplished,
get up
thank you, Nicholas! Happy new year to you!!
it's incredibly distressing to see construction/process swept aside given the role it's played in emancipatory...
We may not have it all together, but together we have it all ; #12millionbeliebers <U+2665>
Pleased to hear that compares himself to one of my dad's all-time-favorite Patriots, Mike Vrabel. Smart man.
... Your twitter name! I love it! :]
I may have to catch that.
u have written several songs & recorded them but is there any songs u have written u decided not 2 record 4 whatever reason?? XO
Happy to be doing an English to Chinese translation for CPI.
It's a crazy day but I love these days. Better to be busy then trying to find stuff.
You play a great game.
what is the line? Good thinking
RT RT Remember the fallen & their families this Memorial Day. Honor those who have so honored us.
deep fried pizza rolls..
I was just thinking the "Penn State way" about the situation. And yeah, tomorrow...I'm cautiously optimistic.
look forward to your continued support and work as the new Patient Services Rep!
just getting the hang of it mane!
The consequences of today are determined by the actions of the past. To change your future, alter your decisions today.
Road trip to Wheaton!
Good morning :)
Mr. Lincoln sent me on an assignment before that fateful night. I would not have abandoned my post, I assure you, suh.
RT for a S/O
"Create your own visual style . . . let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others.” -Orson Welles
you might just have too
Yes they will dear:)
The cold embraces us, there’s no room for fuss / There’s only room for light, eternal, ever bright…
The undersides of leaves exposed.
all four little pieces with the GLUTEN FILLED BREAD.
Yes, kill. Kill indeed.
well said Zach!! Well said!! Thank you for saying that!! ..bri
"Now is the time. Needs are great, but your possibilities are greater."
Its been a while! :) Glad you're coming down! How have you been?
I guess Kaleb is doing his best but this still sux.
I know just been koolin it lol
have you ever seen a bunch of working people giggle like children? Get a shuttle and sit back
That IHop was so good.
WHERE IS THE FLAG???
Hi Rubi ! Could you tell me , again where that spot is. Can't found your email. -Sorry About that. <U+0001F388>
great! Working for the state is complicated isn't it? I'm still learning a lot every single day.
In LOVE with Michelle Williams wearing Louis Vuitton! Marc Jacobs is a genius!
AND, even worse, she likes men who are boring wrestlers.
"words will be just words 'til you bring them to life. " - ~Another World
Awesome! MT : Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual & Transgender Community Center of Colorado raised more than $50,000 in
BC basketball. Plain and simple.
so it appears mcghee is alright.
no… getting caught up
u'll never get a boyfriend if u don't smile, miss
#TruthIs I like you alot more then you think <3
Happy birthday to the fun and gorgeous !!!
My wife is away at a conference, I am trying to pack for an overnight, clean up house, ship something, and amuse 3 year old
no problem! :)
Cat: it's so cute! Like a baby meatball Andre: meatballs are brown Cat: YOUR SO MEAN TO ME :] #CatQuotes <U+2665>
A Flannel shirt and batman sweatpants? (Gotta love it when they dress themselves)
DC does sound like a lot of fun, but is there room for growth in PR or is it all politics?
So it turns out that Sarah Palin's summer bus tour was... just a summer bus tour.
Sounds like a debriefing I'd love to be a fly on the wall for! I can only imagine some of the things you two hear? ;)
So sleepy I hate Friday morning classes!!!! Ugh
I love that tweet!:Dplease follow me?<3
I usually just play online. So like I play a little here and there. Blacks Ops II comes out 11/13:
Goin to find food
yeah, u didn't know
Yeah right. Tell that to Johnson in the Pitt game I think, hit him in the boot, no kick and Toronto waived it off!
Clean sheets after a long weekend are the
I know right? It was warm in there last night too.
Good brainstorming with today. Big ideas.
IU putting on a clinic early against PSU in terms of ball movement and 3 point shooting.
Survey results: Services provided ad hoc
the absolute most. I chose the 1st topic!
Alice's Tall Texan is just an excellent name for a Houston beer joint.
what peer pressure can do to nice people these days.
In Sydney tonight, loving time with old friends and my HOME state!!!
Hell, UK be perfect, He get to start and get to play for the best coach at getting players drafted high
Grt summary RT : Panel on balancing privacy by design & app innovation. Iterate & correct mistakes fast, earn trust as you go
Happy New Years Everyone.......and Happy Anniversary to the best parents a guy could ask for!!
Why does it make me angry when I'm up late enough to see, "Last Call with Carson Daly"
I finally figured out the only reason to be alive is to enjoy it. -Rita Mae Brown
Have a safe drive home, Anita. :)
Thanks for following!I would follow you right now back but I have some technickal problems.Don't worry I'll follow you!(:
Everybody loves the gangsta twitter bird created by out my page to see it
What's gotten into the Seahawks? This is amazing!!!
I have Tuesday off who wants to hang out
Do you talk w the tapeworm you got in a foreign country, too?
Unless the favorites are clanking also!!
Holy SHIT someone is making a grilled cheese and it smells so fucking good ohmygod
better go get your self a pair now
Jesus, you don't waste any time! Congrats! When?
Clippers game
Life is playing a violin solo in public and learning the instrument as one goes on. – Samuel Butler
And at 70% off they are still about 10x more than our pricing for comparative functionality/service 8-0.
Wtf I wake up from a nap to hear bullshit from #oomf. Dont anger me
#DuttySprite aktion.. on my rip pimp c
I just hate that the lottery is on a Wednesday
it did this last month too, it was only 1000 miles different than this month.
Prep for another webcast
sounds good to me!! :)
man shut up!
Today is a turning point: found myself cheering for a player I normally loathe - because he played for Delhi - against Indian bowlers too!
Sitting in the studio and making it happen
Everybody who thinks Usher is killing it on #SNL has likely auditioned for American Idol and been surprised by a dress down from Simon Cowel
Let know that they should sign !!!!
...also obsessed with the Holiday music channel
My wolf left me alone.
Finished my holiday shopping... then went out and finished it again...
I have a dog. So I tilt my head and pretend to understand Deleuze.
Do You Want To?
EVERYONE RT and go follow and !!!!
Want to know a great way to start your morning? Try our Mate Madness Mango Tea It's Yerba mate flavored with mango
It's good, you know, when you got a woman who is a friend of your mind
oh no you went there lol. You know that whole episode was crazy and funny. Hugging a tree in labor is awesome lol
A warm thank you to for following Tom Shaw Trio!
so nice of u to go Xmas shopping for lil ol me.
Kobe with the 90 3 pointer for the win !
yep yep and jeremy
Napping all day today. Finally recovering.. Can't wait to work again. Somewhat ridiculous already!!
shadow man any1 else ever see a "shadow man"? ;P
Will be in Amsterdam for 2 weeks starting this Saturday. Would love to see what you are up to and say hello...
Congrats congrats to who just came back from an ABA regional mock trial competition in Denver & won 1/3 Outstanding Attorney!
gotta be up in 4h & a half hours...not even remotely sleepy -_______-
CST's... oh how this and next week will be so long...
There's a way of transferring funds that is even faster than electronic banking. It's called marriage. -James Holt McGavran
My more said my principal in an Asshole! .
Sinus infection, round 27.
o my god i knowww thanks for that im getting chicken nuggets!!!! :D
HAH BEST ONE SO FAR RT : METHGIRL: "I'll stop tweeting...when i go to sleep never"
My son saw you at mall today... he can't stop talking about it 3 goggles
In Baltimore hanging with friends. Which in this case means drinking beer and fishing.
I want to but my hair Thu sista until Wednesday.
check out danklifeblog
In organizations, real power and energy is generated through relationships
great link, thanks!
With all the baseball & sex references, I'm surprised I've never heard one about "scoring position"
and I wanna see
told you that you would.
hey guys, at what point do i learn to keep my big, fat mouth SHUT?
Oh yeah, the 1hr NISO eBook webex isn't just for my Open Annotation slides... cut, cut, cut...
I'm up cant sleep i havent bn to sleep alday, now I'm goin to eat popcorn and watch a movie don't know wat though, m :-!
This one photo has it all in one place. The family dining table -the 50's - a time of peace, prosperity and cool stuff.
Who has swipes for the cafe?
Need an update on vps305 server and when it will be back up!
thank you Delanie!!! Same to you :)
What the fuck is with these bells teasing me when I want to leave already
Everyone is performing with a freakin posse. And just when I thought it was going to be a lil difficult to cover this event lol
p.s. spotted your bro walking down main. Wasn't quick enough to throw some verbal confetti out the window
Off to Philly tomorrow for the Educause conference thru Friday.
Duh. I wouldn't dance for free David.
a girl that went out and made a fool of her drunk self and says she is looking for a real man
Why are these presentations so boring #BoredAsFuck !
dude what are you doing!!
Not all content searches well (most doesn't)
followed!:) -Sophie
What happened bro?
shows up 5 minutes late. Event starts without him.
": I been ready to hop up on a dick n do a full split and eat a bitch out"i got u holla
I'm writing a #onedirection fan fiction If u think I should tweet it RT this! If I get up to 20 RT I'll tweet it! =)
RT“ I feel like I've wasted too much time on the wrong people, but at the same time I've learned alot so its all good.”
Oh I love those two songs I'll listen viva la vida right now !*)
So, does anyone know anyone who's hurt themselves (at least a little) walking/texting at same time? Msg Pls RT
What will we be having on the menu this morning? I think I'll have life.... Sunny side up =)
I got attacked by a bird today. What the hell. ~Mackey
To be loved and trusted by those who know us best is life's greatest compliment
The first thing 2 do is 2 identify the actual problem. We have done that & R now telling others. It is psychopaths. Ask me Y.
Omg guys my birthdays in THREE days :D considering I wasn't excited in the beginning I'm pretty fookin excited now.
In their 2006 Annual Report, China's National Archive lists 39,202 papers in 534 boxes, 47 videotape rolls, and 7,222 audiotape rolls.
Should we start live-tweeting the stoned backyard conversation Stu is having with his furniture sales co-worker?
RT “ : Give ur eyes a rest. Reduce eyestrain by looking away from ur monitor or other near work every 20 minutes.
lmao : “: ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED???? *beats chest and kicks over chair*” (ah) must scream in the background
thanks Karen!! :)
Steve Blake guarding the Beard should be fun
#sopa sounds delicious. Very sneaky!
#NP Make me proud- Everything's adding up, you've been through hell and back, that's why you bad as f*ck and you know you are.
yes alcoves. like nooks and crannies.
- BTR is at Cruzan this summer. They are playing amphitheaters on this tour.
Playing werewolf with It is on anybody ready?
Follow Privet's very own MAXIM model on twitter! Come by the club and have some drinks!
New profile pic
It's kind of annoying when you, as the customer, correct the customer service agent at the insurance company.
Thank you for the mention!
Going to watch A Walk To Remember tomorrow in academic enrichment.. I might as well not wear makeup cause I'm going to cry like a baby. :c
Solidarity march by students in Tehran against NATO this weekend. From Tehran to Chicago no to NATO.
I AM SO EXCITED, Hopefully you don't get chocolate wasted on set(; or hopefully you do.
Is it weird that I think Seth MacFarlane is attractive?
first interview in 13 years and I was offered a job. I guess I should go buy some lottery tickets.
Are you looking for a summer internship in MIAMI for Digital Marketing working with Artists and Brands? Contact us right away one seat left!
ive breathed alot of unnecessary oxygen
Wow... but bummer for your mom. Hopefully they don't all quit at once.
Think about the business side of it, we both can gain here.
im goin to sleep im to fuckin bored i just want to end this fuckin day
F U NIGGA
Wine tasting Thursday, April 14 6:00-7:30pm Swig's Broadway Room $25 per person Let us know if you are interested
I crochet and that seems to help me.
try again, she worked during the civil war, she would be more than 100.
That's beautiful Rick!
For sure!
And Rod Stewart just showed up.
she was stopped with a quickness...lol.
Very into Nusrat Fateh Ali-Khan this is morning. Makes you want to shake your hips on the subway...
I got the extended battery for my bionic
I'm not mad I'm not sad I'm just pissed that you lied and believe bullshit. How you gon be real if you can't see that fake tho?
turn on the game and Tyson Chandler just nasty dunk, upset tonight?
Kevypoo I miss you too! See you soon? OKILoveYouBuhBye!!!!
Beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder.
omg same with me...everytime I see cute couples I always look away and whisper ughh
Friends, I won't have my phone on me for the weekend starting right meowww. Don't think I'm ignoring you. That is all~
aw yall are to cute
Just copped some Sky Dive & Purple Flow from the smoke shop finna look like this =_= hot they ain't have no OG Sour!!!! Yes!!! Lol
We love Resident Evil Outbreak because it depicts the attempts of normal civilians trying to escape the city. Follow !
Takin the pups to the dog park
U.S. Senate
Played #TurnToYou by for my mom...SHE DOESN'T JUST LIKE IT....SHE LOVES IT!!;)
Oh, Community. I love you <3
« « No female wants to be called a bitch, but once you put "bad" in front of it, these hoes feel honored.»»
Whoever gets back to me first on i-deal from is getting my vote!
It's a great day for a baseball game.
(1/2) Heard from many ppl who said didn't care who Dem candidate was/didn't vote today, just want to recall Walker 6/5...
is the only one who understands me
I mean, a great piece of work is a great piece of work, and I'm up for good work anytime
Rick Santorum, you are a strong, Christian queen...but your sweater vests left the judges feeling cold. Now, sashay...away.
Just ate for the first time since yesterday morning.. and I wasn't even hungry..
seriously I think I just did a full days worth of work by 10:30. time to settle down a bit.
I'm just mean to you lol
Basically its all casuals until tourny time hits. Sticks are provided but id really suggest bringing your own.
get a job!
Great work tonight. See you again this week!
we have heard of student centered learning but it has been only superficially understood...
Even though he's almost 24.
Hello Katie how is things I sent you the link to look @ the UGG boots.
haha do work booty!
I am old compared to you :(
Yall single females be so oblivious to da obvious... im rite here...yo bf loll
Excellent Comedy Show last night!
#Autumn is based on a book, apparently. So that must lend it some quality, yes?
Bitch, you should take off all your makeup and see if them boys still think you're hot. I've seen you without it, you ain't foolin' me.
I hope this isn't Fonzie jumping the shark. Once Who Wants 2 b millionaire brought back contestants, they lost me.
Last film I saw: Drive. Amount of films I've wanted to see since then: 2,000. Man, I need to find the time to sit in a damn theater
THEY ADDED A LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY DATE!!!!!!!
walked around a bit, kinda reminds me of west hollywood
Life is to short to not be yourself !<3
I love my travel agent! Getting an email from her = adventure!
Right back at ya!
Pretty sure Blake Griffin hasn't landed back on Earth yet after taking off in L.A.
okay its west virginia 112 degrees bedroom -112 its freezing im cold. som one wanna cuddle? ;)
happy belated bday bro!
Thanks for the Shout out! Always great to meet someone mixing interesting types of music!
you're not funny, bye
it was the ebooks & consortia preso
I will take a listen
!!!!! RT : HIRING bartenders, servers, hosts, security, managers! Email !
except me
Taxes and golf are a lot alike. You drive hard to get to the green, then wind up in the hole ~ Joe Moore
well ya see, he came down for easter this weekend and we got a little cold so we made a fire. It was last minute haha
who likes free food! If your a business in downtown PDX/Pearl call me today for your promo 60 piece assortment of gourmet food 503 278 5370
Nick will you ever tweet me???
Time to watch this preview of the NBA finals Bulls vs. Thunder
oh you stop it, Ravens won too!
Leadership has failed! They have lorded over us for the last time. Mis appropriated funding and contributions for those less fortunate. ???
Car show with my dad, brother & the munchkins.
your butt called me today
#libchat i'm henry, a library student at who tries to listen in here every week ...
Staying in bed til my baby comes .
when i got my cat she barely came out from under my bed she was so scared. But i think it's b/c she was abused before :(
u are fabulous <3
It's a good thing I was born a girl, otherwise I'd be a drag queen. - Dolly Parton
NBA ALL STAR FASHION SHOW! LOOKING FOR DESIGNERS AND HAIRSTYLIST! SAT. FEB 25TH!!!! PLS CALL: 407-953-6056 FOR ALL INFO!!!
Absolutely! Should be opening May 12th, weather permitting! See you soon.
i like ALL those cities very much! curious: what non-english speaking cities are biggest?
Who the fuck is knocking
Nothing more frustrating as a pitcher then painting the corner and not getting the call
thanks so much for sharing the event, we hope to see you guys at the event! When will you be doing your next event?
YOUR BLOWING ME UP! IS THIS YOUR WAY OF PAYBACK!?
RT I haven't gained weight. I'm just retaining cookies.
Must get through this one class then off to millers to watch the game!
We found love in a hopeless place...
Daddy is drinking alone and needs a victim. I see you
Good luck tonight! The entire Big Orange alumni family will be cheering you on!
Condom Slogans No. 8: Rap that wanger before you bang her.
You're my favorite!!
lol peanut is my favorite character but I love him and Jose
Happy Birthday ! Hope you have a lovely day :)
There's a difference: LUV U- friend LOVE YOU- someone much more special ;)<3
Reengineering is a lot more exciting than I thought ;-)
wish i went to the ciity more. i love it there <33
fine then I'll take Raff in the dress. Just keep your chocolate banana from gettin all bunched up in the front.
On to bake some traditional home-made bread. My pockets may be empty, but my stomach will be full of Chilean awesomeness tonight!
Museums Seek Info on Korean War Veterans - WJTV
RT : Just added transcribe ANY item and (almost) ANY file, right in the browser, using 's plugin
lsn360 NEWS/ Mr. David Barron just spoke in the Pierce college public Hearing regarding redistricting Los Angeles
you have a mind, I'm sure you will have an idea… lol
I've almost said it to my students ... It IS a Smith thing (& you need that certain Smithie-type overachiever angst to work it)
PC load letter?
3/11/1792->J. Armstrong: I am sure there never was a people who had more reason to acknowledge a divine interposition than the United States
Two concerts, two weeks, same venue and I must say that was better on so many levels than the Red Hot Chili Peppers
Is anyone still awake out there? Does anyone want to hear some previously unknown #walkergate stuff?
RT“: #BiggestLoser is not even enjoyable to watch this season with all the drama." switching 2 CartoonNet 2 watch KingOTHill
Be there soon RT : Checking out the campus of #LSU. Gonna see a #baseball game. wish you were here buddy!"
Oh.. I didn't know he died.. already.. :/ I'm really sorry to hear that. :( and yet, this post amuses me a lot, lol..
aye what's good
The kid and I totally just Lady and the Tramped some spaghetti.
- stop eating
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. William James
It's chillin' time :)
Q: is it worth the time/effort to type up handwritten notes?
This thursday night at 12am we'll be at Mainstay Rock Bar in downtown CINCI!
Appreciate it! The pleasure will be ours!
Thx for the RT, Anthony. Guys aren't always wrong, but we are misunderstood too often.
when were we ever cool
It's a #dcleapup! Join us on Leap Day at 6 pm for dinner at We the Pizza, then leap with us in front of DC icons on the Mall.
"Liam, you're about to get Punk'd... Love ya!" - ONLY MILEY! LOL.
We made it to the game. Let's go, Tigers!
that is not a Bad offer! I would totally take you up for this offer. I will be back soon n then we sign the papers!
Text me :)
Looking at old photos and seeing how ridiculous you looked thinking... *Why the Fu*k was I let out of the house*!!?
Parks & Recreation has to be one of the most underrated shows on television. Completely hilarous.
#poem Normally I produce gems at will. Damn pearls of wisdom. Today: nothing. This is a very rare thing.
Thanks! It's fun, and helped me get started!
if you can get back to the delorean, i'd really like a hoverboard and a 2011 sports almanac. thanks.
I love country music but I find myself listening to it more when I'm sad. I think because it's calming.
"I just want to be a good friend, that's all."
Preparing to attend Supply Side West in Las Vegas next week.
Our soups are homemade daily, it doesn't get much better than that.
. will no longer sell "red-rated" seafood as of Earth Day 2012. First national retailer to make this commitment.
some at Big Dog coffee too! “: Issue 10 is errywerr - jester's court and beehive”
Why does Amazon email me recommendations for books in my Wish List?
The new NEA Arts Ed Survey also indicates that the decline for arts ed happened around the same time
Russel Hantz, of #Survivor... has his own reality show about flipping houses... oh dear...
hey miranda you are in a relationship? please answer ;):):):):):)
Is it melting in DNP yet? Happy #FF!
Can you quyss help me trend #HappyBirthdayValerie ?(:
Spread the word: WCSS Quality Enhancement Initiative is holding information sessions for 1-3 star centers. Learn more www.wakesmartstart.org
I hear ya, that was how it was with my mom, God took her home, 10 years ago September 20th, miss that laugh, enjoy it!
#MCDM546 I'm an android user, but isn't it possible to have your iPhone remote bricked through the apple store?
Thomas thank you, and your paintings are amazing!
"popoed" ...so you with the feds now?
#Come on you #Galton#Lets be havin you.#OwenansWood#Builders (UK) Ltd
Damn!!! Im jealous of whomever that person will be.
They guide HubSpot customers on their journey as they launch inbound marketing programs to drive traffic and leads
no? Really?
“ Basketball is instinct .I learned how to play from drug dealers” who cares, its your job. be mature and control yourself.
Unfortunately, it ain't always free. RT : Wifi is a basic human right!
Happy Hour on the terrace enjoying this wonderful weather in Seaside. 1/2 price wine, beer & sushi starts at 4pm!
Reading the pages that Thomas typed up and sent to Polly about the giant in the supermarket.
Dear rain any chance of fucking of to Spain. Grassy ass
I'll add 7 to that. RT : Can't wait to not sleep for the next 3 days.
you are amazing! I loved the on the spot song for the audience member!
. The contract I signed to purchase a car yesterday disclaims all warranties. The car salesman had never read it.
Im thinkin about goin to an african american salon-no one knws how to handle my curls! I dont wanna str8en it i want to go natural!! Grr
They say they want that dUmb shyt Well this is Ignorant
Woo hoo! Thanks Paul!
Freaking out on the old jail cells. #ghostadventures (via )
Welcome to the club!
RT We have a special guest! Jeanne White-Ginder (Ryan White's mom) is in the Power of Children exhibit today, Tuesday, & Wednesday.
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health
OMG It's snowing!
>:?=my mood throughout today!
people were out of town<U+0001F633>
Who's headed to downtown for ArtWalk tonight?
#DickClark factoid: Who wrote "American Bandstand" music theme? Barry Manilow.
Yep. RT : Romney on top of his game tonight. Not only well-prepped but delivering the lines with aplomb
what time management strategies do you use?
Or Department of Beerland Security. You could set the threat level to Stout.
Basketball Trivia When and who played the first college basketball game?
I am not a big fan of what they've done with the work schedule
The Parlor this saturday.... yep...
er...taking notes. I have lots of talent coming up, just want to make sure all is good. Damn, I love formula1!
Sold my Body Count cd (with Cop Killer) for $75 a few years ago. Didn't copy songs. What was I thinking?! Here I come isohunt.
haha oh really? yeah the foods the same like Texas,& yeah im going in Nov.so be ready i will put you in my bag! :D
Today I drink in celebration of how I've managed to stave off motherhood for yet another year. Cheers!
I deserve everything that come to me, I ain't taking any of it laying down though.
Maybe Shannahan's? RT : The Post guys are right. Just got it confirmed. Manning paying a visit tonight. No, he won't be...
oh, good because i do 2...but my friends dont :(
“: DON'T TOUCH MY HAIR!!! #youregreat” hahaha need to do it again soon!
Breaking: scientists discover roots behind thing everyone assumed was already obvious, giving insight into implicit assumptions.
Thanks everyone who helped with NEHS initiation! It went so well, and I'm so glad. Congratulations, new officers :) you'll make me proud!
Tha reason why I wanna go to Orlando/Miami is because there's so many fine people there!
I dont either! RT : am I the only one that doesnt care that tomorrow is opening day?
Oh Cleveland, the bane of our existence. Wait what?
Fun little IM set tonight. Hehe.
I totally understand you right now :(
Idk what to think anymore o.O
Attempted a new pose in hot yoga today and almost succeeded :)
you need to get on some of them ol classic sitcoms. Funny stuff right there.
Phone is fuckin up. Cool.
Making chocolate caramel mousse!
much light love to your day !!
Off for dinner out then I AM MY OWN WIFE @ Seattle Rep. I understand some sporting event is taking place tonight as well? Madge?
what is up josh!?!
Good morning. HAPPY BIRTHDAY ARIANA! Enjoy your day =) I love you so much <U+2665>
I know you will crush. Bust out some vintage bits. Dora, Yoda, Bullwinkle, Leah Myette
Back at the drs. office. My baby has been diagnosed with asthma.
I am actually doing a series of posts on the merits of tyrosine supplementation for treating ADHD, so it might be a few weeks.
Lord be by my side today as I figure out what to do. Gotta live a healthy life and bid the sadness adieu.
I think AIG just may be in the mood for a Margaret .
RT : Hungry? Get FREE BREAKFAST @ The Wave Hotel in MIAMI! $75/nt on OCEAN DRIVE w/ NO Resort Fees & FREE VIP Club Passes. ...
shut up!
naw, they cancelled our tourny. We play next week.
Give me the beats boys
Can't wait for #60Minutes tonight as they pay tribute to Mike Wallace - the man who invented the tv interview.
oh my gosh..abbey look at your butt
same concept as spam, it works or it wouldn't be there
I love 's mom, iswear shes such a cutie!!
I'm dancin' and singin' in the rain!!
I know:(
THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING. RT : as do I. What happened to Hakuna Matata?
Ho Ho Ho! Merry Christmas is what Santa asked me. I said Please bring the soldiers home for Christmas.
Aging doesn't have to be an impediment to great #work opportunities: Why #Employers Value #Older Workers via
Anyone want to pay my taxes?? ???
Where can I hear J & Ye Watch the Throne? New release date?
Thanks for sharing David -
it seems bo has no idea what he's doing...
Thanks for the follow !
Reading "Don't Put me in Coach" by former OSU bballer Mark Titus. He refers to UW players at "the buzzcuts" - hey it's pretty accurate
Awesome! Happy Birthday Laura! Do you read fiction or non-fiction?
Well i think 5, 6, 7 were car bombs 8 is a Guinness
If you don't miss them when they're gone, you don't really love them.
fun day in the sun at the lake but im still whiter than white
Oh, you mean my sugar momma? No problem, gotta keep baby in belly supplied with adequate vit D levels.
Fight claims, pot put Florida teen’s side on defense - Boston Herald Found on Bing
WGN for early game, STO for tonight.
haha- you are too funny!! How's Cody doing?
On average,I think about you atleast once in every class! #solucky&happy
I want my grades up and school out. Nothing more.
Love it! Thank you
ridiculous response time, that was literally within 1 second of that post haha. And yes, they are. Mine are coconut flavored haha
Sounds like: Jibe/gibe/jive. Jibe means to be in agreement (it's also a nautical term); gibe means to taunt; jive means insincere.
Welcome to #kenowhere glad you have arrived
Diana! I wanna swing through margaritas with you sometime since you said its a good place
,Hii Christ You Know I'am From Belieber Please Followback Me..Please FOLLOWBACK
GREW UP IN THE STREETS BY HGP: via
Happy Friday everyone! :)
When you got married did you leave a “welcome” basket in the rooms of out of town guests?
14 more days till the new XIV begins.... It's gonna be epic!
Can't wait for #CCO ! #butterflies love serving the community with
"papa zow" is, of course, an eternal mantra. You just plugged into it. Take a hot chocolate & come to Twitter in the morning.
home ...got u on list
I've driven a G35 it's really smooth but the 350Z is the sexiest out of all your choices!
is one of my fav rappers but I can't say that cause it's dick riding'
What an absolute riot! This is a positively Abby Wambach-like finish. Congrats to #ManC!
Do you think the music ministry of the church of today has the anointing to usher in God's presence like in the old testament da
Never laugh at #badbehavior. You really don't want to reinforce that behavior and it's only cute for so long.
“As for me, I would seek God, and to God would I commit my cause." (Job 5:8)
#this is a mans world best song ever on Idol James Brown would be very proud
6 straight balls...
my entire wardrobe needs to consist of you.
we're telling you!!!
im sorry
is honored to have been chosen as a Community Partner for Chicago Ideas Week!
Bertha Flowers~ Words mean more than what is set down on paper. It takes the human voice to infuse them with the shades of deeper meaning.
lol lol you gonna learn TODAY!
Fucking hate when my father do the most tf
also, I wanna go bowling
already am k thanks bye ( :
Nicolette!!! You Should Do A Make-Up Tutorial :)
Thanks for the follow Celia!
Had a heated discussion with local pastor. Not my first time, but always uncomfortable. Reminded him we have to be balanced, unlike sermons.
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach
Donald Davis arrives in 11 days, www.storytellingarts.org
Thanks for yelling! It was a super hot night! Look forward to the next. XO
I'm Starlin Castro. All I do is hit into double plays and make errors
Joe Biden always looks like he's hiding the secret of the world and it's killing him not to talk about it.
No way Nunez makes that play.
The need to do laundry at 4am now making me late to work
Now it has to be more abt my blood pressure and less abt that Snickers bar. Damn you old age!!!
Yesterday must have been Possum Stupid day as I almost ran over two in the road.
You either Build or destroy ...
yeah, hate it when our guys have, you know, principles. “: Dumb RT : Feingold goes off on Obama superPAC reversal”
Are you working for that fascist now? How sad. RT Mayor : "This is a major turning point
Costco with mama
Wow. #WorstAnthemEver by at the NCAA basketball title game.
Paula Deen to reveal that she has Type II Diabetes..........anyone surprised?
are you making any announcements this morning?
I got to see some adorable baby marmosets at today. What a treat!
blurb.com RT : Anyone ever print a nice coffee table book? If so, who'd ya use to print it.
hey, check us out!
First day of PT, learning to walk again after 6 weeks post Achilles surgery. Ahh relief.
did you get a new gig?
Blazing Tongues: Johnny Hartman and Ralph Ellison 5/11 I perform and Tamara directed me.
Tune in this weekend to see our critics choose their 5 best movies of the year so far! What movies do you think top their lists?
We are living proof that humanity has the right to choose.
Congrats to our friends on raising 850K at your signature "Grace Notes" Gala last Saturday!!
But really, I could've used more direct cynicism as a Freshman in high school.
oh hai migraine.
tony hawk rules
saved a life, made a life.
Think I need to get my 3 year old some warmer clothes for her first opening day.Her #Tribe gear is all skirts. Clothes shopping daddy style.
Happy holidays! Be sure to count your blessing
and a Happy New Year to you!
Good Friday is trending. Damn! Thats nuts! I wonder who got that trending? Was it Rebecca Black? I bet it was Rebecca Black, dude
I have 48 hours till my next shift at cheesecake. I will take what I can get so let the mini vacation begin
there's a bunch of jerks and players and ugly boys where i live!
That one guy that makes a girl think she will never love someone again and all guys are the same.
Did you know pirate captains were considered "employers of choice" - find out soon at Pirate HR (tm).
lmfao u safe by the airport bro lol
The Bean, Sears Tower, shopping and whatever else today. And then tonight I'm going to 's book signing for LONE WOLF. :)
yes, but a temp mistake, so many were coming through that it looked liked spam to servers
are you guys going to be in newyork this weekend.
let me know how is goes! Where you at on the line up?
Tired! Big weekend ahead. Gonna have my bourbon flowin.
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer47
Aww man! I forgot summer countdown at 1:16 D: Anyways who do u still tlk too from DW?
M....burger
Right now, more than anything, this country needs us to commit to each other. I <3 u ok? I <3 u alot. We have Obama's support
well i think i'll shut down early tonite world ... just wasnt my time .
you had enough pizza the other night! Lol, 9 pieces? Love you Dylan! (:
"I Love Him !
Anyone want to be shipped while I'm in art tweet me a number and your name ill give yow a last name :)
Anyone in Des Moines want to spend a couple hours with me geeking out over the 1940 census? I'm free Tuesday evening. Get in touch. :)
Beautiful ladies and gentlemen, Down With Scarlett is born. Follow the classiest girls in town
June 26 is a special day<U+2665>
Thank you so much for all the birthday wishes. You really made my day!
Yes, please come tell us about your strategy map! Social media must be on there somewhere....
Morning world
I'm goin need a follow back y
Game five
not yet tweet it to and follow him he'll followback
Can't do worst than what I just did. :)RT : tais-toi !!!! On a le match après l'Euroleague !!!!!
Great success requires you, risk and resiliency
ah thanks. Pretty standard stuff. Never quite sure why people like internal relations so much.
I love when I get retweeted it makes me feel important
SB45 Biz Lesson # 27: A worthy competitor makes victory so much sweeter.
Quality over quantity but when you have both the world is yours
Woke up winning
No they're not! ;) We kid!! RT : We like this! RT : Positive attitudes are contagious.
Remember the MJ one-on-one fiasco?
have you eaten at Mastros ? The Prime Rib is Awesome .
I love my family way more than they think
Yes, yes, and yes! Though I only know the time/pace for Troublesome Catalogers. What's the details on the Tweetup?
Will you ever follow me? <3 x11
Now Following
Oh Barb. You poor, tired woman.
thanks! And for school ball i was ganna throw it to 2nd but no one covered so I forced my throw to 1st and through out my arm
if you look like you'll take the chance to kill me, i won't follow you back
holy cow. its 6pm already. Hot dang.
totally agree
You Sir have excellent taste - Go !
I hate homework where you have to think. UGH
How does everyone feel about the new album? Love it? Hate it? Indifferent? Not going to pick it up because you despise ?
Them Swarming!!! Please Trade ! &
Wow i wish you were where trusting.
Fan off = Dying of heat, Fan on = Freezing cold. -___-
Vic So'oto must be bad too then? on OLB Ricky Elmore: "...one of Ted Thompson’s worst draft choices ever." Yikes.
MySoFlo.com " We already What?! We already what?! ... Ain't no need to play no more games... "
It's almost thanksgiving and i want some effing turkey already gosh!
A ha ha. “: If David Blaine is in the pod when it comes up, I'm gonna shit myself.”
my cat gave birth to kittens under our house. Guess who had to crawl under there and get them? Me! I felt like I should be discovery channel
Welcome to the Twittersphere! Happy to help w/ any tips or advice you need in this crazy world of 140c. :-D
. I think there is merit to that. Are you talking about a general look at mass transit here or its impact on sports?
herb sounds great
Just saw a truly barefoot runner running down the sidewalk. He looked highly cautious and a bit uncomfortable.
I am so hungry!!!<U+E404>
We need to! Haha, text me about it. :)
I hate when people don't text me back right away, I get anxious hah.
HAHAHA!! someone thinks their cool ;) lol bad boy :p that hot.. but your were so cute, i bet all the little girl were crazy
Chilln trynaa git some More of Deez Follower and meet some new People, Mind if i Kno ya Real name Sweetie?
Group 4 report (cont.): How to sustain coaltions. Not just create them. Stories and data that can mobilize and energize.
aw, that's great! Hope you enjoy. I love ! How was your signing?
dude hundreds of thousands of us have all those leaked documents
I am familiar with this tactic.
with a smile on your face :-)
middle of an abandonded barn in the middle of ghost country
Great keynote by Jennifer Pahkla & glad and I got here extra early for #sxbourdain session
Have you checked out Ten Palms yet? It is 5 star trackside dining, featuring a breathtaking view of world class racing!
Very possible.
check out our new 4 pc Mineral Makeup trial kit. on special
What Christian bands do you guys listen to?
Pre-ball dinner at Paolo's with all the ladies! Tonight will be a blast, just wish it wasn't raining.
please follow<3?
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Looking foward to seeing everyone tonight at the show and enjoying a few beers.
really misses the late 90's- early 00's British band emergence. Well.. with the exception of Chumbawumba..
You sing to us; it is beautiful.
SC Desire 2011 Meet N Greet on Yahoo chat going on now. Come join us!
What a fun contest You're so creative! Can't wait to see our hard-earned eye candy in July! lol
ugh, forget it ill tell you tomorrow !
I like that -- give 'em the 'rules' *after* they're excited about materials.
So excited about hitting Tulsa with and of course my lovely wife
sleeping is the last thing I need at the moment and it is the only thing I can do!
A sure way for people to self deport! : Gingrich: "I would close the border and open my marriage."
6 hours with 30 plus females is never ok...
Count me in as on the #bunnyhugger side, though I'm afraid Mr. Melton might still need a little help with the definition of "archaeology"
follow my artists
We need more people like you who love #racquetball RT: I'm seriously in love with racquetball!
"you wanna lose weight? Stop eating, fatty!"
RT :sure here you can see some older works-- what lens do you use for yo music videos And what camera went yo learn more...
great news. Congratulations!
Hi friends! Happy Monday! Still casting for new MTV show! If you or someone you know uses a fake online profile we want to talk to you! RT!
when is nexy u stream?? -anna
Blows my mind that medical professionals and the NFL are only recently tying head trauma and football.
I like soft and femme, too. Actually, there's not much I *don't* like. I guess I'm easy.
Hey there... Ain't heard from ya in a min... Nice #Avi pic...
ya man sampling is most def my strength, all the soundcloud beats are me experimenting on Machine, got the MPC back though :)
happy birthday and God bless you!
Oppa idk what you said but I RTed your tweet.
You look sweet enough to make a nigga Needa filling
Lmaooo alright, I'll believe it when I see it... I got you..
Play a show at wantahg mulchays we go on at 10 come on down for a drink.
TGIFridays at Miller Park Stadium for lunch!
Ibaka's block of Jason Terry in the 2nd quarter is totally a #SCtop10 nominee. Should've been NBA Defensive Player of the Year.
want to see something funny go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze. It's the first one there
Spending the day resting, editing photos, and watching indie/foreign films.
we might attack Gertrude tomorrow.
Bad loss for ur Bucks bro ...
I’ve been a walking heartache I’ve made a mess of me the person that I’ve been lately ain’t who I wanna be
great song
Great day!!!! Now swimming and drinking with the wedding party :)))!!! Fun fun!!
they are twins they were on x factor also Irish simon could not stand them but i love them
Sgt. Slaughter FTW. The only one who's a member of G.I. Joe, and kicking facial hair to boot.
brb teleporting to texas
PURPLE SWING IT OUT! ROBERT REICH had me singing the STAPLES song I'LL TAKE YOU THERE. ONLY ROBERT REICH did it in 8 steps. GOOD INFORMATION
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Playoff Kobe > any other player
#PandoraFlow d'-'b
“: Brian just said the magic word: Trust. #dfwsem #smcdallas #dfwtweetoff do people trust your content and your authority?”
BEHOLD! Our Chicken Caesar Salad Wrap! Served with your choice of sides and a warm feeling of making a fine lunch decision.
In the lower sections behind home plate. RT : Question for anyone, Does Miller Park have Wi-Fi?
haha yussh(: pretty great username, I know(: you'll be addicted in a little while haha(:
I really don't . I'll keep calling until you pick up cause now you made me mad .
I need more energy to finish this first round EvE article.
Getting ready for #spin class!
what.the.fuck
Wont be Happenin when i get this WIP though!
GET OUT OF THE HOUSE TODAY, AND VOTE! CONSERVATIVE REPUBLICAN, OR LIBERTARIAN! VOTE!
I love that movie. Can you imagine giving $50 in the 60s?
Yo! #Follow Back - it's Aaron
I wish I could, Elisabeth. Google has not yet given me any invitations yet to send out for the Wave preview.
The worst feeling is walking behind your crush and his girlfriend.
Why yes the marijuana protesters in Riverwest were smoking weed out in public
Ashley, I sure thank you for the RETWEET!
And our adventure to getting pop starts now
:) After the broken toe, nothing weirds me out anymore. That thing was freaky!
You pull those out of your fishtank?
Home •••sleepy... race to grace setup in that morn' °_°
Troubles and problems are only a reflection of your strength, you are only as big as the obstacles you overcome.
I found it odd, unless there's something were not seeing....
Go get some Kava from Sean and tell him I said it was complimentary... it will chill out and relax you quick.
Joyce Twitterspam -- "hey there check out what critic Harold Bloom wrote about James Joyce's wife Nora ROLF LOL booio/6e"
Ricks Gets 25 Years For Starving Son And Denying Him Medical Attention content.postnewsgroup.com/?p=14877
crazy people everywhere!!!!
good lord, i'm only half way through this cookie and I'm falling into a chocolate-induced coma. someone revive me for my 2:00
Crazy busy at the circ desk!
Tonight has been great, it's just what I really needed(:
I aint met a chick named Peggy in a long ass time
Working on final cours curriculum for webinar
This is our award winning kidexerciser that transforms your kid's bike into a stationary bike that controls the TV.
My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income
Sad that some HS AD's Would rather hire coach who sees it as an opportunity to just win rather than coach who wants to build character & win
so #thankful for my trader joes frozen potstickers right now
Ty u Dora
Macaroni necklaces gone horribly wrong.
I hate that I miss you
Too bad that wasn't an away game. RT : BSB: Schedule update, today's home game against Hawai'i has been rained out.
my girl >
reminds us of an important detail: your Twitter favorites are public. So, be mindful.
my mom is going to buy vans. what is wrong with this world..
I hate voicemails...how hard is it to hang up before the beep???
Woke up this morning blanket off snow outside
Oh, and leek, too. The leeks an butternut squash were from the garden, now perished.
That's epic you're moving out soon... where you headed? NYC right? I've been crazy man... JUST finished finals. Graduating May 12th
love this quote!!
OHMYGOD only 1 more follower for 900 (: Help me??? Almost to my goal of 1000
The participants of a leader prep course said this: "finally! Less words and more visuals. Inst is not reading anymore"
I know money comes and goes, I just wish it would stay awhile.
how are you? you playing tonight?
3 tickets left for MY ASIAN MOM for $5!!!!!
to keynote , , and about Open and Agile: Accelerating Change and Institutional...
Follow me pretty please with sugar on top? c: xoxoxo
Weekend. Ride, Cut and lime yard, finish door, choose counter color.
Day 1 down ....3 more- if I can get through today's 9:30am- 9pm- it'll e smooth sailing...
A lot of familiar faces from the Boston Drupal Design Camp
smiling no matter what! Have an amazing day my friends!! Thank you for all of your support & shopping with DND DESIGNS smiles...
Happy New Year Everyone!
When did asking someone to the prom become such a public display?
yeah she's pretty chill other girls kinda quitee
aw what's wrong??
enjoyed the show last night! Nice pitch
BUT I AIN'T BLACK WHAT NOW
Lol they changed the whole party up quick
It's about 80 here today!
fucccccckkkkk yea... actin funny don't wanna send my shit
Kuchar captures Players Championship golf American Matt Kuchar kept his composure while others around him caved under the pressure to win
Cool! Glad to have you. Enjoy your day.
Hahaha sorry it took us so long!
Tonight were gonna flip it like a New York Bennett. We're gonna hail a cab and not look back once were in it.
Congratulations to all the 2012 graduates today!
And I just got the ghost . And I'm callin it Caspuh . But this shit so cold , it belong in Alaskuh .
is live in the us and is not a big deal believe me
Count your smiles instead of your tears; Count your courage instead of your fears.
it has failed so far, but i doubt they will ever give up. big nut to crack.
Rumor has it that has been showing up to spin class...
Congrats K Clint Stitser on earning special teams Player of the Week for his play vs Omaha! 3-3 on FGs & XPs!
I need more of two things in my life. You and whiskey.
you was smacked las night lmao did you go home and fall asleep on ya roommates shoe?
Just had dinner now going to a movie :)
Ah...I had my tweets protected.I just had too many inappropriate sites following me. But, then so few can see tweets...
I witnessed a verbal smack down in front of Planned Parenthood on my way in this morning. Amazing.
Bro, do some doodles or watch a video on youtube, or talk to somebody in class, bro, bro. Bro. :o
So glad to hear it, thanks! We love that one!
Great meeting this morning with Gordon Murphy. Enjoyed learning about the Barnabas Group and talking about the old CCDA days.
"it must be cold for those with no warm memories...we've already missed the spring" -An Affair to Remmember <3 *a lady's classic :]
if you decide to do it let me know, I'm on Etsy. Would be happy to share what I've learned.
uh oh Chelsi is cussing again
it's rough, isn't it? Darn sacred cookies....
It's fine by me, if you never leave (;
we're big fans of live tweeting sporting events, leading the conversation around a game
spelling doesn't count w kissing
There is something very perfect about my 1 month old sleeping on my chest while watching the 1st place
happy birthday girl. Cant wait to have you visit LV again!!
When the night is fallen,and you cannot find a life.Feel your dreams are dyin,hold tight..
All for ONE & ONE for all!! Vote yes to
Next week is gonna be so weird going to all our classes in one day.
Making each step higher than the last...
haha you got that right! :)
So my mother just walked back in the house from leaving& not telling me & now shes callin my name she think I left out No im the front room.
Actually, that should have been stated: warm nights + night biking = bug teeth
“: OT kings. Nice drive Devin. #ORLatUTA” I'll amend that last tweet to "nice three".
Gearing up for #HorrorHound in Columbus, Ohio next weekend! Too excited!
Somewhat of a act for English but it's an ap exam
Only if YOU come!
#Fact Both of my older brothers didn't learn my name Til a month later after i was born
its the right earbud the left earbud has to work for the crips
omg, don't even say it was mr kennedy!! lmfao
Collect your love letters, love notes, and cards and have them bound into a book.
finally the refs do their jobs
Saw either the same car or 1 similar on the way to V21 recently on Capital.
"Just think- next time I shoot someone, I could be arrested." - Frank Drebin (The Naked Gun, 1988)
Many thanks for the offer ... We were chained to a meeting table with 10 others unfortunately
Currently listening to: Infinite Orange - End Of The Rainbow
Hm. did I mention your brother is my favorite child? HA HA HA HA HA H AH!!!!
": One Direction will be releasing a new book called 'Story So Far ' on 1st September 2012" Ah!!! :D
Idk why but today I was such in a bad mod:'/ aghh what a day...
maybe if i jogged there and back that would balance it out?
What music are you listening to?
I love this kid <3
hm you kno lol .......you and your scooter lol
Nice to meet Mike of Mike Wells Mastering last night over a beer, looking forward to mastering this record soon!
so when are you gonna hook me up with some seats like that?
Sure. Read Steve Scafidi's poem "Latitudes of Desire" and have students compose their own poem following Blacksburg VA's lat. line.
RT House/Techno/Trance/Club music whatever you fucks call it; really gets my dick hard when I'm working out.
Will never again take another 8:15
Get a hold of yourself, lady! *smack* [shake] "I'm a doctor, I'll handle this..."
I love driving to chicago....mainly so i can reclaim my mayorship of #supermix cc:
Always a nice surprise when a Zac Brown Band song pops up on your iTouch Shuffle playlist or Pandora Radio.
Woot killed that drive!!
Stay schemin. Rick ross
mmmhhmm bu i chaged to this bc i got twitter jail once! lol im a twitterholic!
dude! I missed your voicemail. Can I call you tomorrow?
I actually bred a guy at the bookstore last night. He asked me to ease it in, so I shoved it in, pinned him to the wall and let him have it.
Hey Dairy Queen. I grow friends too. And they're all named MaryJane. :D <3
I see. I'll look into the game, but I'm playing the God of War series right now.
I'm great. How are you?
lol but really who? I wanna know
you in a band bf?
Ugh. No sleep tonight.
“: Weigh in if you think deserves a raise. I do. #okstate” Yes, sir!!!!
Da Fuq did I just watch???
#TrayvonMartin's mom expected to speak at Miami-Dade County commission. Follow me for updates
lol yea exactly what i wanted u to do ol hot dog neck ass
We could never rival Philly's goodness but we're happy to remind you of home.
because I was on time with my payments this week
We need any available Web Designers/ Developers for support with our website!!! DM or email RT
Alena, you make me smile. Never, ever change.
marketingdomination.blogspot.com i need an attorney, so i can put u on the 1st page of Google in ur local area for ur most searched terms
mr winter called my mom -___- and said that he asked me why I wasn't working and I said cause I don't feel like it. He's a liar!
your stupid ^_^
not sure if its the bourbon but that cracked me up !
You are amazing! Thanks for helping me and sharing!
River City,would you like to come see and hear some authentic Lynyrd Skynrd music???
So the martial law test was playing Paparazzi by Lady Gaga in background, on direct tv at least. how appropriate.
Hey haha ya I figured that out after I sent that!! AWESOME I will follow them!!!!
The kids these days are calling it swag I call it trillness RT : be prepared to be ragged on for days
It's that time again! Make your way down now because Family Night has started. When you purchase and Adult Entree get a free 4pc. Kids...
Give us 3 years of Romney, & he'll put Bush's recession 2 shame. 1% will feast on th misfortunes of the mid class, & O will not rescue us.
I need 3 friends over ..1 bring a blender 2 bring tequila 3 bring margarita mix LOL
Listened to Blue Slide Park twice so far. Think it's great! Great job Mac!
I'm ready for our track meet today!.
Damn you sports radio. Damn you!
biking right down from Soros Land.
I am a friend of Jann Scott. I worked with him closely for over 10 years in the '80s and '90. I like him a lot. Thank you.
you saying he stole it?
i have no idea
You mighta seen me in the streets, but [playa] you don't know me...
Learning the music of Chicago.
Where the party at?
Happy Easter, from all your street team members. (:
I've only heard from the listing broker (I represent the buyer). Evidently BofA sent a counteroffer late Friday evening, due Sunday at ...
Sure thing, lovie(:
Isaac Anderson | Making up for his big drop | With big first down catch |
Great piece on Get Real in the IBJ... Impressive results.
The road of life can only reveal itself as it is traveled; each turn in the road reveals a surprise. Man's future is hidden.
Follow the Follow the Follow the TWITTER -
Vampire Diaries using Pavlov's and Skinner's classical and operant conditioning.<3
The beast is going into hibernation mode.
Very big Homebuyer Expo going on this weekend For more information call 877-206-0105
History in the making: Today In 1896, Utah became the 45th state in the Union. (Alaska's b'day was yesterday--became 49th state on 1/3/59.)
Only 2 more hours until doors open for Moshfest Final Battle of the Bands!
Feeling lousy and this game is pure foolery........
y'all still open to submissions for opening bands?
- we publish work by teens about news events - are you a teen? Would like to use your tweets for a feature
Thank you for the follow. From your website it looks like you rep bold and exciting artists!!!
Yes, master. As you wish.
Thanks for the plug-- every bit helps! :)
I got to see it from the water...pretty amazing.
Super Moon tomorrow night, hoping for a clear sky
with this princess of a disease till this year and I am still young too but I could not imagine. God gave us this journey 4 a
Thanks, Jeff! Good seeing you! RT : Just had the best dinner ! Best I've had in #Dallas in quiet a while!
I'll go on a date with you! I'll be your wingman! Well, wingwoman... I'm totes game for girl's night out! Hit me up anytime :)
You are my favorite Nascar announcer. You do not lie. Most of the Phoenix Cup race was boring - to hard to pass? The end was OK
hello Sarah! :)
thanks babe
<U+0001F33A>sweet pea
RT ": We want to see your #BEATLA posters! Send us one & we may send you to Game 6 tomorrow night!”
Should we go to #Hideout or #Luna tonight?
#askObama What is the government doing to cede innovation to start small business.
09 Tablas Creek Roussanne. Lemon, caramel nose. Big oak & alcohol on palate plus more lemon, honey. Tart finish. 87 pts
Thanks to all my new followers and for RTs. I'm getting ready to hit the road for the #SLA Conference. Call me if you need me.
We love your guys comments & follows! Many blessings to all of you!
:-) Sleep well!! And you're right. Just send it off to friends.
Rest/recovery day for me! Heading to church and then hanging out with my wonderful husband today!
Gonna be a little MIA on twitter for the next couple of weeks cause of all the work I have due! :(
hes friends with austin, & went to teen hoot & playlist live the same time austin went (:
Exciting time to be Things looking up after months of grinding.
nice post...
lol take yo ass to sleep
for sure
morning Keith!!
She waking me up talking bout she scared
Congratulations to the team for receiving 's Innovation award!
Another #yalit gem: Matched by Can't get enuf dystopian lit! Fab tool for higher level questioning!
kind of catchy, though, isn't it?
Wouldn't you be shocked to see commercials for storefront theatre suddenly?
Congrats Tom!
FYI My Account got hacked!
What music vid were you in? I've done a couple movies and ain't no one either, just me with a bag of cookies!
Info Lit class getting more and more virtual
Thank you so much<U+266A>
Filming was awesome
Two previous 12 hour days of work and 1 more day to go 2morrw! Hair Stylist hours are serious...#exhausted #salonflow I live 4 it:)
First time on IcelandAir. If they fly like they inflect nouns we're all in big trouble.
I had a dream last night where I tried to access the Internet in a restaurant using a shortbread cookie. That is all.
How do you save a drowning mouse ? Use mouse to mouse resuscitation !
maaaannn what I do now?! Lol
Convicted killer Walter Casper back in jail on parole violation. Victim's brother says it's not safe for him to be out
I love "Cupcakes " their just so Cute ^.^
I'm still hungry!
great seeing you guys--let's do it again soon.
lol ya of course. Love her!
Complaints about We Care Oregon / Intl? Contact ORDOJ. They have an open file on Randall Carl. More complaints coming in.
Its lightning....<<<
- I was too. And, when you watch the video, Romney doesn't "get" the seriousness of his actions.
haha, that's awesome! :)
lmao yu still ain't out grew that word
#sorry for not telling you how much you ment to me
in doing a book review on my latest book, "Young Guns"?
I hate when dog owners don't pick up shit after their pet.
Thanks for the blog tweet! I hope the move has gone smoothly for you. :)
Great to meet everyone today!
Anyone else done a toxin cleanse? Sheesh its killin my stomach lol! I only assume that its working?
no doubt...good luck this coming season!
I just found out I can make my daughter fall asleep in an instant by just rubbing on her eyebrows. Lol
Good things do come in threes. And also, apparently, all within the span of an hour.
no your not. Please tell me
#FF our newest followers &
#TKAM is a favorite. Grew up in Monroeville, Alabama, hearing stories a/b Harper Lee and the filming of the movie in town. Enjoy!
World's Fairs symposium continues at 2pm, Harrison Auditorium, w/talks on gender, & Catalan/Spanish conflict in 1929 Barcelona Exhibition
Wow. Can't imagine being at a game like that.
When the calendar gets too full to juggle ditch it and go to San Marcos.
Hey David. You too. They did (for now at least). It's shrunk to three co.'s - Ellis, Navarro and a portion of Tarrant.
Much like the gay bullied kid at school, we are just waiting to see if & finally notice us. #chicago #movement stop suicide
YW! Seen you a few times at Comics Ink & have always enjoyed your posts.
Fuck that! If that is the case, nobody "deserves" happiness. Stop worrying about what you think you deserve and enjoy life!
backyard consultation in Forest Hills Gardens, I love the tudor-style buildings in this historically preserved pocket of Queens!
Nuggets aren't that bad of a team
Cross my heart ..was a song I made from the heart and its a different sound..
This is not happening. Maybe the Glee kid's come out after for the 'real' finale. :(
It's either Jordan or Makenzie. Ask whoever has it to send it to you so I can see it :3
ok good! I was seeing the words "sangue" and "nariz" so I knew something was up! Haha :)
You got it, keep up the good tweets!
This annoying lady is on my side on the plane her arms and legs won't stop moving
Yep! Give me details on my personal acct.(:
gonna eat my strawberry lipgloss then;) :P
Hey all! Craft night for #bannedbookweek projects tonight..We're making book safe's! I want one in the shape of a
sometimes we call them the "dream smashers" RT : as;dkfja;df< how i feel when a program i've been working on gets killed by legal
"The less you read about #homeopathy, the more you understand it."
I was just asking the same thing. I'm waiting for him to do a napoleon dance with it.
oh it is ==>Head Game Amazing Lmfao
Thanks for sharing the video!
Tweeting while riding my bike. what a hazard
follow me please, i love you, :)
aww. Take care and feel better soon
Anthony Starr~ Sport is imposing order on what was chaos.
I'm not sure what the proper protocol is for telling someone their breath is horrible.
Yes - Deer with suicidal tendencies, do taste good.
Walking around and gettin it lol
You're 100% right - next friday I get off "early" I'm calling you - you can join us to if you like ;)
Can we start the #Clippers #Grizzlies game right now cause this #Heat #knicks game is a wrap
Trying to get chores done so I can go to Downers Grove tomorrow!
Also, re: FitSmart #10, as predicted in the first minute of the podcast, I indeed cannot walk today. :p
No worries. RA drops tom., then the natural next step for u is world domination, so its in my best interests to be on ur side.
Dude, a lot of family shit going on today :P Not used to it though, but a lot of family members that i miss are coming.
You've heard of , but if you haven't downloaded it, do so now. Music, easy, free.
No worries about age--thank you!
Oh, me too--like waiting to open Christmas present! Good night!
Love finding new apps - am going to have get Corkbin, Trover and Glimpse now
Nuggets playin fierce
I want NOW! Go get him, by the way he is in Hong Kong right now. I need my hubby! </3
overused and misused.
Today's Message: Rescuing Rehab
How do u look @ his mentions?
Time to get #Yanni'ed. Hell m'effing'yes.
how many times did you have colonoscopy before?
Bah, too kind. When's the next covert mission to spy on Orion?
DUUUUUURRRRRR APPLE DOUGH!
Gymm...I'm taking this diet seriously
Due to adverse weather looking to be on it's way, tonight's Whirlwind ride is called off. See you next week!
#Seinfeld love it
Looking like you're right Sean...Ravens are the better team...nuff said...good call!!
Yesterday was. :) And thank you, Nat!
It's an EZESKANKIN mix tapes kinda day.
If you're still planning on a trip to Manila, call me. Some start-ups you should talk to.
I don't know I seriously liked #HowtoMakeit and thought it was a great ode to the NYC young-gunners... You tryna shaft my generation??
SCREW EM! your the best Aaron!!! REPEAT SB MVP!!!!
we are so in if u'll still have us! maybe you could do a library slumber party/support tour?
thanks for updates. I think becuase your twitter private i can't retweet your posts to me.
Merry Christmas, kiss my ass. Kiss his ass. Kiss your ass. Happy Hanukkah.
Congrats!! What did u do??
4 day weekend here I come!!!
lol well its awkward yo talking to me again
For great Gelato, stop by Salute Wine bar & Cafe!
Yes. Ask Travis Trask.
It would be encouraging and empowering for younger students to be with their older peers
Subtle, understated, controlled, classy. Just like Whitney would've wanted. Thank you Ms. Hudson. You were the voice of our tears.
On point.
don't think that, it's just dreams that you have.. Live in the moment.
My addictions: mt.dew & hot fries <3
If you own rental property in/around Baltimore, you're probably overpaying on your property taxes. How to know for sure www.mdtaxappeals.com
Massage is just one of many tools that fall into the alternative medicine category. It may even help relieve symptoms of depression.
My brother smells weird
Start school on Monday. I wish a celeb wuld come to my school n Baltimore and performed, signed autographs, or even both!! :)
RT : Friday IZZM'S Invade Richs for a once and a life time kinda fasion show with sexy models ,
It's b-day today & he's decided to drink #beer while playing #golf. He's waiting for to show up!
SPA WEEK IS BACK! $50 Specials in October: 50 Min Arasys Slimming Session, Sudatonic Wrap, or Adara Facial & Pedicure Book fast!
LOVE all of the photos! Thanks for sharing. Did you have a good time?
My lips are the gun. My smile is the trigger. My kisses are the bullets. Label me a killer.
#ff bc she's a rich bitch :)
can you join us? RT : M ! You may be the only conference I've ever dreamed about attending...nightly!!
good luck with that.
3 ppl just past us in Lakers jerseys. Wrong game.
"Power at its best is love implementing the demands of justice." -Martin Luther King, Jr., 1967
DM us your username and password. Let's see if it matches what we have in our database. Thanks
psh! I'm in shorts weather right now in central Florida
"Processes and procedures for kids entering the school system will remain the same, but some funding might be cut," said Martavius Jones.
Bieber keep it up bro nice album !!!
4 MORE FOLLOWERS THEN I'LL HAVE 300! :D
my hometown & childhood library. :) Excellent!
we spoke Monday. Have you gotten an update yet? Thanks
glad you enjoyed the interview Julie!
I was wondering what adventures she had gotten into. Yay for electricity!
Thanks!!! RT : Made it to grandalism dope art post pics later...
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory.
Tom will never act as a solicitor peddling crappy get rich quick or weight loss schemes. Sorry if you received anything like that.
Henry David Thoreau~ We are always paid for our suspicion by finding what we suspect.
hahaha! This weekends gonna be awesome guys! I'm excited to see everyone!!!
terrible rug burns <<<<< #ouch <U+0001F601>
Thanks and glad to join the
Afternoon on Melrose with :)
you guys are awesome...can't wait to hear about it
Welcome to the USC Family...you are a welcome and excellent addition.
Thanks for the follow
Gearing up for summer visitors means polishing up that logo and website. Need help? See Traverse Global, US 31 North, Traverse City
If someone could invent a third cup of coffee that tasted as good as the first, I would buy that.
My sincere condolences to the family and friends of a fellow veteran and community hero, David Wallace.
is hosting a NJ in the Westfield area!
Madison makes me happier than my hometown
You didn't say "every tweet is an extroverted statement" you said "everyone on Twitter is an extrovert" :)
What's the issue?
Fascinating City Aamazing time
I'm sold! I'm going lesbian too!
Gaslamp is forever FRESH! - Check out these new places in our downtown. . .do you know them all?? bit.ly/bl4X0q
Sweet tea at restaurants is NEVER sweet enough
It's so wired how quickly you can start to like someone..
Did you know: After lawn watering, car washing is the 2nd largest demand for water in spring & summer. Visit us so it is treated correctly!
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
donde estara; y i miss talking to the both of you <3
so do we have to guess the phrase??
Happy Mother's Day to and all the other special mothers out there!
RT : Another gr8 day for working at fdn booth by pig races 3-9. Stop to visit me if yr here 2day.
You've gotta love a Christmas day of all basketball
Eating at Bento & Noodles with , , , Natalia, Jackie, and Janira! <U+0001F371>
agree. Would be a fun chat if she had a sense of humor. Not thinking she did though
To G Class or not G Class that is the question...
While the leaf collection take place, have your people collect/remove those CLARK campaign signs that are in each and every ward!
4 days off = glorious!
If you ever think your life is insignificant, take a minute and check out your "friends" status on
this is really hard, haha I can't think of one...
ouch, ouch and ouch.
Never depending on you for shit.
The official policy is no, but I think you just have to contact them and they will try to help.
Damn! Just flew back in to Indy from Tampa. The airport is packed. Is there something big going on?
I never thought that you be the one who hold my heart .
is sexy af.
we shall see you soon! looking forward to it
Game this morning
aww ok I was thinking am I missing out on her new vids or what?
Did you do problem 27
its not dress down tomorrow
But for how long?
I got big plans for Oomf....
That's what I'm talkin' 'bout.
better go negro
I do not have tattoos either. Now you know two. :)
Hey Jenn! I think you're extremely talented, and are going to have an amazing long career.. Happy to follow you! :)
I have to go to class in 2 minutes:( Thanks for a great party guys!<3
shorts and I'm not sure about the shirt yet. Lol
Wish you could be here too. We will live blog & tweet throughout the weekend and invite you to participate in the conversation.
ya u will make new friends =^__^=
's "Virginity" cover is so beautiful<33 c:
ah that looks so goid! I want one
thanks William. Enjoy!!
everyone stay in the same seats for second half.
I Love You Like A Love Song Baby... There's no way 2 describe what you do to me, you just do to me .. what you do.. #NP - Selena Gomez :)
Netflix down for anyone else? Service disruption in Pittsburgh. Is this why I am supposed to pay double the price?
Still cloudy haha, have an offer in Miami, potentially a couple more back in LA, and still plugging away apps allover. You?
That's the only good thing that came out of that
These things take a while bc we need to re-report, write, edit, etc.
its funny how bon iver grew on you
Jennifer Grey's career really went downhill after her nose job.
probably Davis and Miller! Hate Jones and Lamb leaving too! But sure don't blame them!
~Thanks for #FF! Have a great weekend~
Thanks for the follow!
Wesley Matthews says he's "excited" about Gerald Wallace's return to the Rose Garden tonight.
I think the whole Harbaugh situation is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. So you're saying they didn't cheat. I'm confused.
"Never Without You" Fan Comments: Who says<U+FEFF> that Ringo wasn't creative? He's a fantastic artist!
And im rappin on the beats they was supposed to buy, I Guess gettin high off my own supply!
Great conditioning workout this am! 10 mins on the rower, 10 mins on bike, jump rope circuit, slide board and abs!
Nice to meet you today.
Congrats! It sounds like a fascinating position. Let us know in ODH how we can help. Maybe a teleconference grants workshop?
My ms jones keep me busy
can't believe I'm missing it for work. -_-
They're*
we can't help but feel his description would have worked for us porcupines, too.
hahahahaha, thats probably a good idea!!
I want to go to bed!
Yes. This. RT : Greinke has to man up today and get this series win. They desperately need it.
"If I ain't rap 'cause I flipped burgers at Burger King, would you be ashamed to tell your friends you feelin' me?"
Um...thin mint lunch today.
My headphones don't work so omw to school in silence </3
At the moment no, but I think we might have a band practice!
Thanks a bunch, , for the retweets ;-)!
Trending: #GrandTheftAutoMemories : I read this as #GrandTheftAutoMimesis. Different content entirely.
Hello how all is well
The American dream is NOT a handout!
Interesting decor and good food at reasonable price! Where 917 Cathedral St Baltimore in Mt.Vernon
Why are you #lying to sell books and #Marilyn media?? More #exploitation for a piece of the pie. It's been done!
Desigual shops are everywhere and fun to look at. Zara and Mango too. Wish the US had Zara Home: things are pretty and affordable.
"If you build it, they will come".....very true.
RT “: Thought For The Day "When stupidity is considered patriotism, it is unsafe to be intelligent." (Isaac Asimov)”
my 90 yr old Grandmother just told me I look worn out. I Love her honesty! They say sleep brings you beauty and longevity, I'm so screwed!
Facebook campus: 10 buildings, but only 5 in use. Must be nice.
YOUR TURNING HEADS WHEN YOU WALK THREW THE DO-OR-OR
KBPS.TV is now ready to interview show host for our 24/7 talk radio launch. Contact John @
What is everyone doing today to celebrate #EarthDay2012 ?
feed me money, I could use the change in my life
Wake me up, #Coffee! I command thee!
can't wait, WZRD is something that I need
I have been a HUGE Power Ranger fan since I was a little girl! So I wish you the best of luck!
jamming to some hellz yeah! :D freak the freak out.
Tomorrow! Come to Turner Hall for the Urban Garage Sale! We'll be there, along with TONS of other vendors! CHEAP, AWESOME DEALS!! 10am-4pm!
hey numb nuts Mark was talking about that move since Watt was a senior at UW... your making an ass of yourself
i sent an e-mail to twitter support and gave evidence that callux is a dirtbag and they're going to delete his account :~)
Curb Appeal is important to us too! RT : #HGTV Marathon: Curb Appeal: The Block! Today 1pmET.
Actually i miss levi i havent had a good smack on the ass in a while haha
Spotted: a hipster too cool for the gym. He walked out of Holy Frijoles and started doing a set of pull-ups on a tree branch.
RT : There really is a magazine called Garden and Gun.
same here! RT : I am officially done with graduate school. I'm so happy/sad/excited/terrified/amazed.
Did you find a new publisher?
you are truly blessed with pure comedy every time I watch repo's I'm on the floor with laughter
Have a combo ticket to Fiesta & Balloon Museum? Bring it to the Museum Oct 1-9 to get scanned & we'll enter you in a prize drawing!
Got so sunburned hanging out at the greek theatre today...
lol so I think the answer is yes hahaha otherwise we are gonna be packed like tuna
Whiffs of panic. Whiffs. of. panic.
Drinking coffee out of my masonic mug and reading #walkingdead recap blogs....like a boss
To all my tweeps....Luv ya, appreciate ya and enjoy ya!!!!!
Starting to feel more like a rally than a forum. But people are fired up!!
Foggy in Vegas??? I am so confused
I descend on the patisserie 5 min after it opens & there's already a line out the door. Clearly, the French are a people after my own heart.
I cannot wait to move out of Seattle.. one more month!!
Because the Nuggetts play TEAM BASKETBALL
“: Apigee is at #swdetroit, #apihackathon and #mobileappDFW2 this weekend. excited and proud to see it grow.”
Seriously? Barenaked Ladies in Grandview? LOVE it!
Can't believe it's already August! Where has this year gone?!
New phone Divi bak at it...
Wait just a second this medicine might be kickin in.
It looks like we now have 500+ fans! Thanks again, everyone! Stay tuned for free giveaways~
I woulda told you if you asked. Facials are still awesome though.
Have a great time, ! I'm afraid I'll miss it too - hubby's birthday dinner. Miss u all!
Love 5by5.tv :-)
9am and mum's making me get up to go to the shops
My ears are ringing so bad today. Tinnitus sucks. :(
Kendall sings ‘Cover Girl’ to me every morning ;) It's my alarm..
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. – Albert Einstein
Not really... I can keep up with it ;)
that's why they (k)all me the (K)andyman!!
' I'm so hot lol
Woot! Just submitted for #MCN2012 with the one-and-only ! Fingers crossed.
just got done playin bball (: now guitar hero
Hurry up summer.. finish the fuck school !
Not sure whats happening on stage...next...
Happy Birthday to that Shiny Baby in that Barn in Israel! I heard He's goin to do Big Things!
now im having some nice honey tea:)
What's ur top pick 2 win Sound Editing #Oscars2012? Drive, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Hugo, Transformers: Dark of the Moon, War Horse
Great seats! Enjoy the game! Look forward to tweeting this season!
Where words fail, music speaks.
I hate seeing victoria's secret models. Not every girl looks like that
I just saw a dead kitten. I just got really sad. :/
...and yet those recently deceased are called "late." Therefore an early shade is all the more awkward...
#ShelsOnSunday 3000+ downloads & views.. lets keep it going!!
Nice to meet more fellow writers:
Dame watching the Nightmare Before Christmas lol wondering what Vinny's doing lol i love u
you're all I ever wanted
So much magic happened today on set - Truly blown away
Was at Crono til about 7:15 pm. Did I miss you? I would have tried to convince you to go to France this yr with Cyclesport Travel.
That's a strike yotch!
I am assuming yes. Karaoke is not an early evening activity.
Maybe i dont txt you back bcuz everytime i do your boring.
great meeting you, hit me up anytime you want to chat more
In the office working on the Autumn aLive reallocation. This will be over soon. :)
Thanks for the follow.
Free Buffet, anyone??? Join us for the Pro Bowl and enjoy a FREE buffet for the first half! Don't forget... Trivia starts WEDNESDAY @ 8pm!
Hot! RT : I think me and my fur are getting the hang of this swimming thing ... Stretch to make moves, yo
Depending on your situation, obstacles may be the primary reason why you procrastinate, have difficulties saying no.
(1 of 4) First, I used my regular Twitter page (interface) in Firefox to set up my Lists.
Who indeed can harm you if you are committed deeply to doing what is right? – John F. Kennedy
yeah first time I used it I was confused for a week, and yeah facebook is much better. I used facebook more than twitter.
you silly girl!!
rest and get well!
I love to start trouble by you have to say I am the funniest guy you 2 know
Dr Thornton: 8 cents of every dollar goes to Central Services. Many CS workers are in a wage freeze.
I text you because I want to have a conversation with you, not to be pissed off & get my day ruined..
im just shocked!! hahahahahaha
Words are not written./Spoken with a more patient voice.
DIRT founder plans road track, half-mile oval in Hastings
I need step my grind up and start working before work every day and then go run at night instead
What do you see when the Pillsbury Dough Boy bends over? Doughnuts
I have an inkling this is going to be Correia's last start for awhile.
But y MTV jams playing she get it from her mommy on mother day tho lol
Take money TME the takeover illegal life style dropping on datpiff soon DM me for features
“If you try and take a cat apart to see how it works, the first thing you have on your hands is a non-working cat.” <U+2015> Douglas Adams
- thanks. Appreciate it
When does "Turn It Down" become available for download on #Beatport?
This bitch had the nerve to tell me the grizzlies suck?!
miss u at Spurs games. R u playing with Toros?
When National Media tries to take a surface level stab at things they have no clue about on a local level, I get all types of pissed.
lol oh i bought sweatpants i got the black nd blue ones.. u wanted blue&grey rightt?
Romney, with all due respect, stuff it. Get with the times. History will repeat itself. As African Americans got equal rights, so will gays.
Is Kyle playing live guitar hero in the gym this morning?
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone who showed up at any of the Artists' Bloc Downtown events, last week!! Awesome work, great feedback!!
Dear #Brewers, my scouting report on Kimbrel....Slider, Slider, Slider. Please send my scouting paycheck to home address! #seriously?
Nighty Night sleepy tight wake up with the sunieshine!
GO FOLLOW NOW !
No, no, THANK YOU for being such an inspiration ! #Spa well!
Laugh Out Loud
Simply introduced me to the site..with your pic/tech savvy background…
Lots of familiar faces at Beer Can Raft!
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
CrossFit peeps like them, other people, not so much! :)
BWpkwy North slowing - report of a crash at 450 in the left lane
LAST DAY!!!
LOL! Hope the suffering has now stopped over there. :P
This game going be interesting!!
2012 film watching # 16. The Rescuers (1977). Cute disney film. I enjoyed all the little characters in this.
Whenever my brother insults me, I just laugh and tell him thanks. Nothing makes him more angry than when I don't fight back with him <U+0001F60C>
RT : At #D2L11 conf. Future of eLearning is analytics say the bean-counters. Student experience is innumerable -- count that!
yea go to bed thats molded
Should have packed my bags fo' that guilt trip
Love giving website advice to & while at
#RyanBraun wins appeal
God does not require a lot, He just wants you to work what you got.
Peace be with you friends. I am skipping out on social media for a while. Call me if you want to do something really real.
Niggas Is Clowns... Still Chasing Pussy
Thank Dan for all of us. This article is a must read for those confused about how this tactic is most commonly deployed.
Thank you #Capitals!!!!!!
No action of computation can be instant because that implies it travels through no-time.
How many games do you think Royals would have won w/ Grienke? Would they be in 1st if THEY added Marcum too?
I am HIGHLY upset I have to start everything all over on my ipod -.-
lol I know u would, I miss you
Able to relieve back pain with trauma release techniques
DYK? Rev. Dr. Martin Luther king Jr., Civil Rights Leader was a member of A Phi A
like I'm made of plastic, like I'm made of paper.
LOL! Its been a while since I've heard that..
just baked some awesome South African chicken tika masala pies, and yellow curry pies!
she do too much lol
Can you point me to fwd-thinking, blogging elem librarians? Starting position at 4th/5th gr school in the fall.
RT : Frida Kahlo on exhibit at the Harry Ransom Center! (They are a also giving away a membership for date auction)...
Top 12 films based on classical mythology: From 'My Fair Lady' to 'Troy', the greatest films based on Greco-Roma..
will you shout us out and follow were a tw account that is sharing fanmily encountering with the guys<3
I can't take too much of Tennessee anymore and I got family who is begging me to come out there.
Watching HeeHaw with my mom. Just wow. Lol.
The FMLA applies to organizations with 50 or more employees
Congrats on your board win!
I REMEMBER THAT TOO. And in reality I had just made it.
Happy Tuesday to all our followers! Yes or No...Are you wishing for a #jewelry gift this year?#Phoenix #Paradise Valley Mall
needs to come to Memphis or Little Rock sometime!! Everyone would be too excited
You are just a ray of sunshine during this press conference.... you might have to pull your shorts out from behind.
Half sleeve it is.
Philly + Vick = much worse!
I like to at least jot on the back of someone's business card what we talked about or put a star for really good presentations
I love your service but it took me 10 mins to figure out how to download it on my 2nd computer, and I still can't figure out..
And the other part?
RT : I love putting great people with great people...damn that just fires me up....
you three are worse than a bunch of dudes lmao
laying in bed.. bored
:D lol “: filipinos have such awful diet fare. hahaha we love to eat the worst things possible. =D”
Im practically crying right now.
715 MB of 774 MB... I can't wait any longer!
Headaches during the first few days of #HCG P2 may be from caffeine/sugar withdraws. Plain aspirin is ur best option.
I wonder what lookin like right now
I would hate haters, but that would make me a hater too.
Just saw Trillin in NYC last night! He quoted Richler! That event on post-Richler satire sounds great.
Have a Merry International IPA Day! is having an event to celebrate today....go!
Can you help? RT : I need a good handout for helping students read/understand scholarly articles. HALP!
You aint go tie me down
#California #1940census images online at
Whatever else she may or may not be, Rachel Uchitel is certainly no shrinking violet.
Who's ready to sell some books?!
We love cheap dates in Pittsburgh! Let us know about your upcoming events or unique romantic ideas at $30/couple or less (psst we love FREE)
See you then! RT : Finished driver meeting at Ill be driving at #sunmmerfest tomorrow after 9.
Gotye is just the cutest.
played amazing game bball we won 37 to 15 :P
could use some coffee...weather here today is like Portland. rainy and grey.
TRAFFIC ALERT: The right lane of 1-39 SB at mile post 148 (near Stoughton) is closed due to a vehicle fire. Delays expected.
Do u serve low to moderate income taxpayers? Join conference call next Tue on IRS Free File & EITC. Email for details.
No problem - can't wait to hear the record! RT S/O to I appreciate everything!!
I can't focus at all anymore, one too many test this week.
Hey! How are you? I haven't talk to you in a while.
But drupal is great. We love drupal! drupal, drupal, drupal!!! (there's a lot of drupal love here)
Maybe they should stop treating him like he's still 20 yr-old phenom
Any seats left? Little Rock
( golfer) takes the #USopen. #USGA events have notoriously little signage making the shirt billboards priceless!!
tonight on AIBTV 7pm, if you need help and no one else can help call
all i could hear in my head was Forrest singing those lines!
wow. dats outrage
saw you're a shutterbug. Recently got a big girl camera myself & am always up for a photowalk! I'm rd522 on flickr & instagram
it'll be even better because he'll remember you too omg
doing real great. Going to MMA right now
Don't wanna fall asleep cause I'd miss you baby...ah stuck in my head
Next week on Who Do You Think You Are? Paula Deen finds out that one of her ancestors was a stick of butter!
At the Redemption's Cry and Right Hand Seated Concert at SCCC right now. Awesome stuff!
My reflection have a hard time bein me
I hate having gym first period I really don't wanna go lol
That point where a sponge stops absorbing water. Metaphor to my mood.
Back-row seats...check. Popcorn and Icees...check. Ready to see The Avengers!
Having fun @ the 6 state gov info virtual conference. Very interesting keynote from sunlight foundation
lol RT : I Know Said Don't Ask Him For Beats & Shit.. But I'ma Ask For 1 Anyway
most meaningful line you've incorporated into a song?
Looking for any triathletes (veteran or aspiring) in Madison who'd be interested in sharing their story for an article. DM me!
Cars of today will one day be viewed as how we view the Fiat model in India. Hah!
Quote for the day: I love cooking with wine. Sometimes I even put it in the food.
RT : Maria Thomas Fisher's Blog for the upcoming RocCity Rising promoting Community Health & Wellness
love you both!
Live and learn.
I'm expecting it to retrace now before it continues it's upward march to about 1.3629
Order sent to Nichole in IN!
Exhibiting at a #tradeshow soon? Design your #booth based on space and budget limits goo.gl/FDYkL
Everything I wanted. Nothing i expected.
Twitter Tip for SMBs: Trying to figure out what your customers want? Use Twitter to ask them!
we'll be hanging around the merch table now and then during the gig.
MT Best apps/tools are ones that allow you to use the Internet to get off the Internet(ie meet your neighbors, find new places)
what did you think of the Anna's Merlot?
I totally agree with the DILF comment!
Girl in gold dress at table 22 is hot, big-hearted and we want her to meet cute guys. Come say hi.
looks great. Don't see detailed ingredients on the site. Can you get me that? I will subscribe
Wish I was good enough to take my tallent any wear in the world
3,361 tweets seems awfully high for someone that not long ago was VERY twitter judgmental! ;-)
Freakin dub-step makes me want to drive like a maniac!
Hot today! can't you guys wait till August?
Not in the mood to deal with bratty kids today.
Finally have appointment for final review of audio mix-one week from today up in SF-cannot wait! I love SF and I love LA (and NY) :)
haha ahh my yellow nails make that look even more yummy the taste of banana kush :)
so did
does Express Invoice all work locally? it's not online, right?
Apparently I can't do that . Ohwell
I am single and crushinnn on someone I noe I can't have :'[<U+E022> and i wont see him until the science test cus we have testing together:/
Scottsdale restaurant ideas please!!
Amazed that Uganda is trending on twitter!
I'd like to use that #Syracuse Orange in a glass of Blue Moon.
you are adorable!
Unofficial #DenverGiftGuide: #colorado tees from www.loyalteeshirts.com, supporting #smallbiz across the state!
ha yeaa. but i'm seeing it's worth it :) hope you're good.
Can't sweat the small stuff.
then it'll be even more annoying tomorroww!
Goes great with chorizo! RT : This is National Salsa Month!
MT Getting excited for Sat! Aidan gets to sit in the seat at #LSP during the game.
Joyce Valenza: Who is an expert? What is a primary source? Information challenge in the digital age
This MT : US imports 45% of its oil, down from 57% in 2008. Efficiency, domestic oil, nat gas and renewables share credit
Long day wishing I was tired.
Thank you, I'm not sure what to do.
Your NOT Team Tatted If Yu ONLY Have 2 Tattoos Lbs !
Brisk and gusty...but that wont stop the silverlake farmers market..join us!! Now-2pm
IT'S FRIDAY! I'm ready to go home to my wife and little girl.
Because we think with the #WrongHead 99% of the time.. RT Why are guys such pigs? :}
VCU is not a 12 seed. Terrible seeding but it looks like it will workout okay for them. Unfair matchup for Wichita State.
Um.. I want that!! RT : A3. Nashville: we have a bacon bourbon cocktail. Wait, that's true.
Woe unto this world we inhabit !
I love Ala Moana too! Haha. I went to Oahu last month for band tournament! :)
Cuz I only talk to people if all of their tweets are in english.
Don't ever judge a book... The next chapter could be you.
Maybe they should be the first series to opt of using goalies?
ohh yess, just wait when I get my license you'll be the firs to get picked up
You guys did way better than AMAZING week <U+2665> Voting my heart out tonight.
Poor girl!
RT : A3. Unless its intolerable, stick w/any job for at least a year. It may suck, but < 1 year looks bad to employers.
The #brewers have gotten many more severe under than over performs from players @ this point and they're *only* 16-22.
BIRDS THE WORD.
NU QUOTES! > "Do Or Do Not. There Is No Try." - Yoda - Ron A. Spaulding, Pres. UMG 's #1 Fontana Distribution >
idk isn't there a dance store somewhere?
oh thank you! I will start there. I'm a super, uber baking newbie.
Sounds about right (but I love edgy)! RT : Polished, clean, and crisp, yet not edgy!
why cant i find any boys who wanna be honest & real from the start?! fuck all the games, just be REAL. idk why it's so hard for some people.
good for you!! hope to see you guys live when you come to NY again.
Watching #BeyondTrayvon i don't really know what to say but I'm sorry for the lose of your son.
umm..where are you going.
thanks so much for the birthday wishes!
via Dylan Morse of #HorseFingers: PDX's #Typhoon is taping Letterman Aug 1, will be broadcast Aug 4
Yes! He's a client and a friend. What a wonderful human!
RT : "Welcome, welcome...go back & share ur learning w/ ur colleagues," says CEO Dr Caldwell @ #ISDIP2012 reception
Danny Chaparro- Welcome to Pyro Productions!
THANK YOU to the 200+ friends who downloaded GOD OF WINE this weekend. I hope you enjoy it.
y u so prettttttay
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you at least notice me and try and talk to me.
Wow, today was an amazing day! :D
Happy 1 Year, I may not be apart of the ICONiac fanbase anymore but forever an ICONiac at heart love you boyz xo
Actually loving ALL of 's posts.. Time to hit the stores and farmers market, the asparagus looks divine!
Whatever my dad got her the IPad 3
Everywhere we go.. People wanna know.who we are. So we tell them.. We are the Wizards...The might *&^%) wizards...
What does a barback do? had it right when they said “Everything.”
It's crazy I'm tipsy right now and I got class in 7 hrs.....
it's interesting how subjects like war are male only when women had significant roles as well & yet we don't tell it
I think it was so they can stall on the fight
Alec is over. Sitting here watching Disney :P Hit me up?
what are you doing around 7 or so tomorrow? I'm thinking about coming early to chill or whatever.
Ha ha...and that was more geared toward Lakers folks. They'll set a car ablaze any chance they get..
BAILEY LET ME LOVE YOU~~
A Walk to Remember will always be one of my favorite movies.
Johnny is on fire right now! RT #noontimeworkout going FUCKIN HAM right now. With and
You're welcome :)
Working a 14 hour day with talented people is not just fun but easy.
I bought it but there appears to be a link going around.
There are so many delicious Christmas foods & desserts to choose from, its no wonder the average American eats 17 pounds of turkey a year!
you lost 25 pounds? Holy shit. That is a big number. How did you do it?
Despite national economic crisis, Steve Forbes spoke optimistically about Nevada economy at a packed lecture hall on Wednesday at UNLV.
A 4.7 earthquake (right near town) isn't my favorite way to wake up.
Looks awesome! Congrats! :)
We were really spoiled weather-wise in March.
Proud of u bro.
I need to get an oil change, my car washed, and fill out applications today. I think it's time to get out of bed.
A rare sack by the#Packers...Packers need a score on this drive with 7:48 left down 10
Now...don't kick it to connelly!
hacked the first day on twitter nice
Red Party tonight people......
agree the insurance costs have hit me and I'm covered for less.
Did you go back to Old Nassau for Alumni Day? Tell us about it!!
The happiest people dont necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything
2/24/1777->P Henry:It will naturally occur to you Sir that there are some Secrets on the keeping of which depends the salvation of an Army
hey send a shout out. 3 words about the new release?!
Firehook Bakery also bakes a small round loaf of chocolate cherry bread, neither too sweet nor too chocolaty!
After watching the last episode I'd like to amend my answer. I'm gonna go with a Hanna/Marnie hybrid.
stay calm, be brave and follow your heart. if it's overcome by a phone call or a leap of faith, so be it.
The best hangover is when you wake up with a sunnyside egg and pancetta pizza in your stomach thanks to Barcento
I think I'm gonna drive myself to port a since every one is deciding to go.
Based on everything that's happened to me in the past 8 months, I really encourage all my friends not to settle! Dream jobs are possible!
Good luck with both your confirmation and getting your braces off today! I'm so excited for you!!!
it was lightning and they were trippin...... Then u start the Convo then
I really enjoyed the "10 ways to use Twitter..." article you wrote for salary.com. Great read, it's the reason I'm here!
Its gonna be a long hot summer & we should be together <3 keith urban
hahah yup that's fopo for ya
We assume Alex is saying his likes us most. RT :
let's do it! I'm down
Can we please ban people who stand up and read, head burried in the pages, their paper in a monotone voice? #AAA09 15 mins of my life- gone.
"The secret of good writing is to say an old thing in a new way or a new thing in an old way." Richard Harding Davis
why do I act like I'm all high and mighty, when inside, I'm dying.
#dsoc #sla2011 Rhonda McGinnis speaking about opinion polls & what ques we need to ask about them
Interoperability can still be an issue w/ tabs but this used to be an issue for macs and pcs & there are ways around this now
How about the commercial when the invisible cop hides until you drunkenly get behind the wheel? So creepy.
how about Old Thompson?
I forgot how easy homemade pizza dough is. It's becoming a staple!
I want to go to there. (I'll be there in like two weeks, FYI.)
#AskMindless please give my girl teyera(tiera) a shout out because her BIRTHDAY is APRIL 6
how is the flyer/event page going for Friday's in-store?
Having dinner out with my three favorite people in the world! My family!
any time! Show was good and rowdy. Just like we like 'em.
My guess is that you already know that and are red-baiting because they call themselves socialist. Right?
I'd rather be the butt of someone's joke than the butt of some of those people telling those jokes.
About to start live tweeting! Exciting.
We like that you're kicking it off with us!
thanks for not makin dodgeball suck like they do on family channel
I'm getting used to it. You forget how brave I am!
yea but I still like barca and my other team is man u if they could actually qualify for UEFA next year
Oops, I got that backwards. Iowa might have knocked Newt out, SC the end for Santorum, w/out
Classic response. Steve, make it so RT : Saigon grill?
Good Morning for my people
:Greatest name for a donut shop EVER: Glazed and Infused!Opens in April in Chicago.We got to try them & are now obsessed!
I really want this cupcake vanilla candle for my room.
Saw the Floridians in person... Steve Nash pass!
Lot of people thanking Fox but really you need to thank Warner Bros which is probably totally eating it on the license fee.
Healthcare.gov a great site, impressed. Good info on healthcare changes (for the government that is). I bet it cost a billion to make.
Thousands of stars are in the sky but you are the one in front of my eyes.
late to the convo it drives me nuts that the gov has a say in what people are. Between this & NC new law I am so frust.
Teixeira need a big hit like yesterday..
is a predator posing as a houseguest.
Sounds like they're coming to or returning from Austin.
All is well pal, thanks for askin. Bangin it out all the time my man.
and will follow me one day. :)
Ready to go homr so I can eat !
BUFFALO WINGS!!! YUMMY!! :)
Yes, this is the most relaxing song ever created. #re:stacks
#2011was Great Cause We Killed Osama. God Bless The Troops.
did it involve ur days as a Marine?
Calling all artists! We are now part of the First Friday Art Trail and would love to see your artwork for consideration to be on the trail!
Aw, I thought youd never ask hahah
Actually, the older I get I think the less mature I am...it is a regression in progress.
Hey holmes! Hold it down in Minny for me! Have a great week!! xx
woo hoo! meal plans are awesome even if they are pseudo lol
Duke University MBA Program : How to Apply | Higher Studies
Holdin resentment towards another is like swallowing poison and waitin for tha other person to die, they go on w life while u suffer
She's 20 but acts younger. She's smart, but doesn't know what she's doing. I don't think she'd had sex other than rape
"Stop expecting the fight to be fair."
Dangerous only because of their speed, no?
# FOLLOW ME !! 250 FOLLOWERS N I CAN POST VIDEOS ON WORLDSTARR HIP HOP FROM YOU TUBE!!! FOLLOW ME FOLLOW ME!
When I looked into your eyes I didnt see just you, I saw my today, my tomorrow and my future for the rest of my life..
|| Friend me so I can in message you :))
haha that's what I'm thinking :)
A yo-yo was accidentally thrown in with my groceries at Ralph's. It's the little things.
I'm so sorry. Get home safe. Hugs.
. Thanks for the opp to get back into my virtual jewelry box + share what every woman needs to invest in this spring
Attorneys who want to laugh at timekeeping issues, follow me. New app is almost ready for beta launch.
i wasnt either!
We rely on tweets 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
Nobody really cares until it's too late.
#slightlyaddicted,Times running out to get tickets to the worlds greatest Elvis Tribute visit to get half off
Good days soon turn to terribly miserably awful when I start a serious conversation as such. I'm not joking. She takes it ALL
Anyone out there use ? How do you like?
Peace Corps is a need not an experiment it was 50 yrs ago.
w'sup dude.
hoping i get to them before the year runs out
Best dressed: Michelle William's by far #Oscars - also loved Rooney Mara (though a lot of people didn't)
Rich in the mind pay that shit.
is this how its supposeeddd to be?
(Rich) just swapped. First room some unexplained DC EMF. Moving AC EMF. Did EVP session. Kid. Fighting outside interrupted us.
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. -Sun Tzu
Family is not an important thing, it's everything. Michael J. Fox
yeah if you call them ask them if they are selling VIP and UVIP next saturday
zip em up!
Congratulations to and the rest of the NYU Graduating Class of 2012!
Not the night for #wakefield200. When?
Is there a breakfast run scheduled in the morning? No problem if not or not invited :-)
yeah, it's too bad he didn't have a post game presser to go off about jackson's 1st team snub
lol I'm so late but yeah buddy! haha
welcome to a world where dreams become nightmares
are you still mad at me?
Gonna keep it sexy tonight
3-3 Goal by the beaked bandit
torn between beautiful weather and convincing my husband to go see the premiere of miranda July's The Future"
Reminded me of Cam on Modern Family
It's feel good Friday! What are you feeling good about dreamers?
I'm tired time for bed.
Have you ever started over your Twitter account? As in, maybe taking it to a professional level? What's the advice on that?
Tonight is the biggest bar night of the year! Perfect reason to DL the #Bartab #app and save some money while getting your drink on tonight!
Please don't tell someone what's obvious to them.
ah! Very generous, thank you. Will share via board & conference committee.
Cabana night
I'd rather have you then be rich and have all the money in the world
I'm on my way there, will be 30 mins.
well, it's not coffee...
Bitches get Paid, and Hoes Get Laid. (:
Are you guys in Tallahassee?
RT : Lin is a baller, he's got game! I just hate when sportscasters start making him the rep of the model minority << agreed
Goodbye title Man City. Yet another team to hand it to Utd on a silver platter.
“:when he followed me I cryed
But the wild things cried, “Oh please don't go- We'll eat you up- we love you so!” <U+2015> Maurice Sendak, Where the Wild Things Are
Spring is officially here, and the rain has come with it. Tracked-in mud can leave your carpets looking drab, but we're here to freshen up!
I suck at twiiter
In the meantime, though, I guess no performing brain surgery for me. ;-)
Why did everybody hate Wesley Crusher so much?
Good Night, Trolls. Blessings! #wiunion You Did the Best!
Dear friends: I am teaching "Social Problems" at UB this summer! It will be a fun-filled learning adventure, so sign up now!
fuckk this, I cant deal with this shitt:/
That moment when teachers think we're actually gonna study for SOLs...
Merry Christmas!
um yeah... that was the pinnacle of my life... downhill since.
i love that song and i love Larry Hernandez too :)
OFA_NM thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
ugh. If i read a little more i would have known you are not in Austin.
What can SAA and archivists learn from ARMA and records managers? A lot.
I wear this belt with everything!
but of course...say no more haha
"Leprechaun food" Tiny Greens Tiny Green People food"
I don't wanna go to work, I just wanna stay in my bed all day <U+2602>
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
why did sex and the city come on at 1am? must.go.to.bed.
I should try and get some sleep see you guys in 2 hours when I give up
Baa (grandma) made pani puri because I have having a bad day!!!
Hey how was your day?(: #FollowMe?(: <3
you are so sweet that if u were a booger I would pick you first
Congrats! I'm shooting for the list of the Top 50 sociologists not to follow for fear of dangerous ideas.
"he is the PR mogul and I am blessed to have known him" -Irma Clark-Coleman
Teacher: why are you late? Student: because class started before I got here.
Tonight will be in charge of the madness
James has zero help. No one on that team besides him is doing a thing. Even Wade.
I would like to state for the record that I think is absolutely beautiful.
watching y&r on dvr ...... And it's Tucker Time lol
Word indeed. We need a copy of your new 7" pretty fierce.
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely. - Buddha
Pump the kid for information, then pump a bullet in his head. There's no time for hand holding politics in a zombie apocalypse.
Watch Sunday's Packer game 1/2 time food is build your own taco bar. Happy hour prices all day.
#SaySomethin was so amazing! I'm waiting for the replay, it's such a good song! :)
we will be open and ready to mingle.
oh really good fer u em olo
lol to touch the net maybe. You can barely jump on top of a piece of paper!
when im upset, i listen to when im inbetween when im happy thanks for the music :D my 3 categories. :D
#superbowl party at a friend in pembroke pines. Go Pierre Paul
sorry I missed it. Sounds like you had fun
Jam fall to the D-Fenders 93-87.
thank you for a great # #HallOfFame, and also for playing 2 compositions by , its been good listening in
Set my accounts to follow each other, and twitter sent me a notifcation of such. Gosh i feel vain now lol
Waiting rooms = loads-o-fun
go follow .
Best of luck to one of my favorite people at tonight's
youtube "Dolly the pitbull". Kind of same story. Looks just like my Brock. I cried.
Merry Christmas! Operation Christmas Child party at Hope mid-hi gym 8:30 Friday- & listen to 90.7 K-LOVE for Christmas Music- might win CDs!
ok I got you
Man it sucks being the ugly friend. :(
so he says i'm f-ing a Brandon. So I need only Brandon's to call me
We got your app, Darcy! So excited to have you! We'll be in touch! Hurrah!
Calling all student-radio peeps out there: who is making science-related podcasts, or doing independent in-depth reporting?
"Our Greatest Year," good laughs fr Robert Attenweiler and Scott Henkle, both grads of last show 8 Sat
Chocolate pudding - a food of diabetes and a friend of my chocolate craving. D.I.P. (Digest In Peace)
Due to issue with Heroku, our new SSL certificate did not "take". Currently working to get the new one installed. Very sorry for the error.
I just told an old friend to beat it. An SB1070'er.
On the phone with drunk and she runs out of gas in the middle of 185th
this is gonna be a series.
Next at #usinno is Marc Smith, Chief Scientist Connections Action Consulting Group, on Innovation Networks in Social Media
we'll be at #bbc12 in Indy. Planning pre-conference and post conference events at breweries for attendees as well.
I'm inspired by others, but not by my self.
Do werk SAN!
Research and Markets: Global Virtual Private Network Router Market 2011-2015: Cisco, HP, Juniper Networks and Huawei ...
Interesting...not sure if I agree. CIO's should learn more about finance. CIO's (transformational ones) are engaged beyond IT.
ur just too much sometimes! LOL!!
debatable! where is up north!?
Hi Jenna! TJ Harrington here. follow the Rochester Attorney Review on Twitter.
ew, that's my life too...... hahahaah
My tummy hurts someone come rub & kiss it
what a night!!
The awkward moment when has been to my house so many times and never knew I had a pool... #wherehaveyoubeen?
This has been the worst year ever. I've been sneezing or in a drug induced coma since February.
RT RT : As a #Sagittarius you are excellent at promoting anything. You have incredible intuition.
Graduation starts at 10 a.m. but students should report by 8:30 a.m.
Heading out to see the world premiere or THE AVENGERS. I love my job.
its worth it. i'd like to hear your prospective. not all guys are a douches in this show. but some are.
#jump Hot Rod Lincoln Car Jump
Finally back in the States after a productive two week swing through Asia. One more hop from L.A. and then
When's the last time you had a good dickin? LOL
Thanks for the shout out, Lisa!! Hope you're enjoying Twitter!
I am old enough to know better - but young enough to still do it anyway!
At The Spa With My Girl:)
are you doing? Did you find a suitable habilitator for your darlings? ( our schedules didn't pan out... you read my resume)
thanks bea<33333
Aww! Tell her I say hi back! Haha! :]
You know your doing something right when you suggest a sample to and you crank up a song only to find he took your advice
send me your address!! Need to send you a party invite!
This #HolyWeek, we are thankful for Jesus' sacrifice and remember that His light guides us and forbids the darkness from overtaking us
lol you know I always do this to fuck with you lololololol
why even bother? The douchebaggery of UL fan never ceases to amaze me.
it was a joke so smoke a blunt n chill k blood?
Love Heidi's turquoise necklace!
I totally get it. These ppl r a-holes but not stupid. Mags are filled with ads for diet pills 2. Distracts fr higher goals.
Where do you get that shirt you ask???
Okay! I'll send you the updated artwork today. You're allowed on your email right?
lmao! the truffle shuffle! awesome!
Mary Gentle's The Black Opera: a librettist in 1820s Naples must write an opera in six weeks to keep Satanists from erupting Vesuvius. LOVE!
I was a blast in a glass tonight. would be proud.
Judge rereading portions of jury instructions.
we love you more for expressing what all humans need to know. Thanks!
A brand symbol is “anything that leaves a mental picture of the brand’s identity." Leo Burnett
Getting drunk and watching Family Guy is probably all that's gonna happen. :)
usually it's my ass that I wake up to hurting cause I slept on Eric wrong.
OMG THANK YOU
Lil Kickers first event scheduled in the new building. Tomorrow 10:00am
I want to get a hunting license, and legally shoot shit.
I hate when nightmares have me scared to go back to sleep!
"It's about building a culture of high expectations." David Jernigan executive director of KIPP Atlanta
great to hear yall on the radio. Represent!
it's so true. Golf and I have a love/hate relationship most days.
#HERESTOALL The best way to stand out is the stop trying to fit in.
Where is my coffee? I have lots of things to do today to finish the August issue of Hoof Beats.
Nevada Museums Association meeting today - always great.
#totalblackout is awesome!
You are WAY better and bigger than this...
Our family friend just passed away, rip, and then I found a dead deer in the yard. I hate when that creepy stuff happens.....
congrats. Send link!
This dont make no sense boom
warn her? I told her I'd be happy to exploit her when she felt ready.
Doing what I do best: sloth and DVR with Audrea and the dogs.
RT : Just hit a minor in the face...thats five to ten lol
Why is the Pac 12 so bad in basketball? Not enough quality players/coaches or both. Any hope coming soon?
thanks for the awesome opening address at #azla2011!
OH SNAP we hit 400 followers... Holla at us \^^/
Christian Venier's Cab Franc & Laboure's Chard were phenom! C U @
hahaha Shes Probobly giving it to everyone But honestly I don't see what's so attractive about her. she puts out too much
It's my birthday today. Another year closer to retirement. Thankful! Things I would like on my birthday:Blazer win & great chocolate dessert
How many knock knocks left?
lol my bestie couldn't find hers al day and then she found it under her pillow!
face your fears. Come to the dark side. We have booze.
Wow! Freese once again
We would also like to welcome our Legal English group to Harriet Fulbright College!
At the OSU BBC idea pitch, pitches about to start
#BF3 players should spend less time complaining about weapon balancing and spend a bit more time working on their aim.
I prefer "The Imperial March"...
haha, word!!! That i will =) when you in Dublin next? Im hoem in two weeks, we should go for some beers =)
A beautiful morning in NYC
today ima twitter freak cus it seems like i been tweeting all day lol
i love this song
I feel like the season just started.
over time I learned what kind of guy I should not fall in love
Don't let these Twitter players mess up your flow!
watching the rock on WWE.
Be sure to "Power-Up" while at SXSWi at the lounge, AT&T Center, Room 301.
Off to work!! 63 days till Spencer arrives!! :)
": Thanks people for the support," Ill be coming out Thurs. Good to see so much support on the road.
You'll either find a way or an excuse. Either way, the choice is yours.
U know ur sex life is slow when ur best action comes from your iPhone's vibrate setting.
I was at the Marlins come from behind win in '08 and today's gem! Unbelievable!
Happy 80th birthday Mr Valentino ! DUDE THIS IS AWESOME YOU ARE AWESOME
I mean it doesn't look bad but I think no snake bites looks better! But that's just me ^.^
Ready to board a plane for a fast and fun weekend with fam and cherished friends!
Today is a great soup day: Tomato Basil and Chicken Noodle are the featured soups in the SSC in the Arena District today! Come in!
Liked B-Franklin's idea on liberty? What about his #Wine theory? "It makes living easier, less hurried, w/ fewer tensions & more tolerance.”
Listening to KISS Destroyer for probably the 9,000 time. Never gets old.
Nashville folks: are "Lounge" shows free or always a certain price? Site says $0, but also "tickets at the door."
all i needed was a hug and some ice cream to cheer me up
I am in the midst of the wilderness.
Sent you an email yesterday! Did you get it? Look for a message from . Thanks, Ashley!!
hi there.
Sometimes I wonder how I manage to stay in the lines
It's another episode of the show! Marlins beatwriter AND #JohnBosa of the #MiamiDolphins will join the show.
Happy birthday !! :) <3
Swish don't strike out
My MacBook just died! No!!
Great movie.
“: Nashville, Boston, Baltimore, finally ny. Lucky dude” dang. We were getting nervous!
whats up ? r u there?
Good work Mr. UTM! Got all A's + 1 B...slick not feeling that B
Bored as fuck
I just watched my 6 Yr stepson play soccer. He is really good at dancing on the field. But kicking...
Someone invite me to pinterest..bet with my wife
Is that you in your icon? If so then your very hot
_: If they ain't gonna ride for you then they shouldn't be riding with you.
We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end. - Benjamin Disraeli
Be a legend
"To stop advertisement for the sake of money saving is just like stoping a watch for the sake of time saving."
Done with substantive lectures for the semester. Looking forward to the #seis752 project presentations next week. Should be good!
sorry everyone who i haven't answered back. don't quite have the hang of twitter yet :) #Bananas!
Morning TwitterTweeps! 3 exams today starting at 8am! Bring it!
...and at some point I decided I wasn't any good and quit trying. Still kind of regret that.
I wanna see you kill anything with this!
You can read a book almost anywhere! That's so cool.
Nobody let me mention to my eccentric aunt that we're trying to get a tv show on air at our #SuperBowl party. She'll run with it. -Allen
Anyone need tickets to The Red Wire and (Celtic Rock Stars) Flatfoot 56? Show is next Friday at the Gear!!! Let me know
DC/VA what it is we in the building #BBMG how
happy mothers day to you too!
youre the attendance taker at church
Can't believe this Marlins game right now!
I really like the Arduino and the possibilities. If I only had more time in the day (recently) to explore and
I have to get it out of my other phone, but I'll text you with my new number today <3
Wish I could say the same. Don't think we can swing it this time. Maybe next year! LMK how it goes!
I hope you feel better! Being off tomorrow is a good idea!!
I hate bees. Especially the fucking ones.
Do they still do tea?
Guess I should be in the city bathroom building business! Sounds pricey. Am curious & will come to a meeting to learn more.
Take a hint please.
oh ok.
These cupcakes taste like shit. What a waste of dollar.
omg are amazing & their grilled cheese sandwiches are my fave after bar food!!
my grandfather used to call me sponsdon. Don't know what it means and never will I guess
Mayday Parade > any other band
Yes I can! !!! LOL.. luv that commercial ; )
I'm thinking #BealeStreet tonight...
Practicing for live chat on #dlday. Interesting!!
": "Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do." - Benjamin Spock"
We should not teach children the sciences but give them a taste for them.
playing focused by wale trying to make myself focused on this homework
But where do they aim..Las Vegas and the Clubs to chase panties and hit the bar..waaaahhhh!!!
pistol-whipped so far but I haven't listened to the whole thing yet
oh wth! U even trade up for something better.. Nice trade!
I woke up feeling so amazing this morning! I love when I sleep so much! Now Happiness is going to be this Rock Star 18 hour day of work!!!
": #SexThatMake , you grab on to the covers underneath you :D" that's how a man knows he's doing his job lol
Bb boy looks so precious right now <U+0001F498>
Sublime is my new obsession.
Super Mario's fame appeared in the 1981 Donkey Kong. His original name was Jumpman it was changed to Mario to honor Mario Segali
dms work yet?!
too short, Keri, to short. But good.
New Project Sphinx Cats! Do you have one? Free Session I come to you!
Watching #safe da movie bad
Thank You Kris I Hope I Have As Much FUN As You Did;-)
Tonight at 6:30pm - Replay of Mexico vs Uruguay!
I'm so telling mom.
#russiandolls the rest 5 episodes will be shown on oct 7 at 8AM and then the rerun starts on oct 4 at 9pm on LRW chh
RT ": I love when teachers respond to my emails right away... it makes my life so much easier."
They AREN'T, 360,000 people receiving food stamps out of 22 million people with advanced degrees represents only 1.6%.
Lmao maybe my friends just don't like you.
If you learn from defeat, you haven't really lost.
Bed time. I leave you with my song of the night. Fall For You-Secondhand Serenade. "Don't make me change my mind" good night:) sweat dreams
Work Out With Katie Boyd 's Miss Fit Video On tonight 's episode of Wicked Fit, you saw Katie Boyd star in her very own fitness video, Mi
Come on you, Sixers!!!!
Having fun tweeting about #paycon!
It's confusing when Mayhem from the Allstate commercials is lying on Lemon's couch with a concussion.
thanks Lydia! Great job tonight missy! :)
And see, even the middle of this movie has its own act breaks. There's enough here for at least 6 dumber action movies.
is that why u were so determined they were gonna win???:)
“The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper.” <U+2015> W.B. Yeats
Just added a 2-pack Sampler of all flavors of Attractor Nutritional Suet to our website. Give some a try at www.woodpecker-feeder.com.
ok i did tell danni she my gf
That's right ;)>
A young David Mamet worked as a waiter at Second City in Chicago. Think he got good tips?
Today has been wonderful....We all deserve happiness : )
There's so much weird shit in this city and it can all be found driving from east to west LA down Santa monica blvd at 4 am
memories...if only i could remember them all!
Choosing a favorite appetizer is like choosing which parent to live with...only tastier
The only damn thing stoping me from liking him is the girl code. And the only reason I'm fallowing it is cause I respect it.
Congratulations ! You have both won 2 Egg McMuffin Sandwiches! DM us your info!
Giroux leads injury ridden Flyers past Canadiens With three key players unable to play, the Flyers stepped up in the second period to fly
My moves on Draw Something are more embarassing than most drunk texts. #imbetterthanthis!
Its another beautiful day here in Las Vegas, have a great day.
Man wish i was back n lewis center so i could go to the dam
having Guiness with your pal, Shamus
how about: new audience = new paper = no guilt?
according to one source will be traded for a loaf of bread.
guitar shop that specializes in tube amps. yes thank you.
Many thanks!
#FoxNews Americas Newsroom anchor just said "White House Speaker Boehner" & showed photo of t WH.
Why the F is my 6 pound toy dog snoring like an man right now.! *light kick to the end of the bed* ah that's better
hahaha, teach me, she must.
It's so funny how 6 months before elections Obama's views are suddenly "evolving" on gay marriage. Yall are gonna be so dissappointed
I'm a rare bird - I involuntarily switched from mac back to pc. It's like trying to breath air underwater without a scuba gear.
very sad. Watched as much as I could.
Gus Johnson going CRAZY on the Big Ten Network NOW!!
Awesome Game! Pryor who? Braxton Miller delivers! Go
Balsamic vinegar, bread and butter pickle juice, oregano, basil, and spicy brown mustard makes a great dip for Campo De Montlban cheese.
" Where ever you go there you are".
&& I Don't Look Like Wtf?!? Without it lol
yes!!! please do!
Happy Leap Day! What are you doing with your extra day this year?
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. ~Herman Cain
Omg. #BachelorNation... Y'all getting #VeneerOverload? Because I am!
"Paris Is at Her Best in May" -- Charles Aznavour, composer
What? I didn't get any images from that site.
nevermind I can't because you're not following me :( But remember in High School, that guy that creeped on you all the time..?
Yes.., it absolutely counts. Otherwise, I'm fooling myself too. Bouncing counts as leg exercises too!
986,494 Latino students would be affected if Congress Fails to Act
": Can't believe I'm going to go back to school for 4 more years!! Getting my AuD on!" Say what?! Congrats Katie girl
any idea on what that is in Furcals back pocket?
Will you please follow me??(:
"Reading Ellen's hilarious new book. Thirsty for tequila."
Q3 #ITChat What one thing do you wish for when you think of cloud computing? via
Free meal at #Danshamburgers today for Vets! Hell yeah!!!
To help International orphans, there needs to be best practices in orphanedges. There are currently none.
ADM Mike Mullen: Services worry about wether their system or program survives, not if their program was the best.
That's why I would like to see Rev. CL Bryant's documentary "Runaway Slave," that shows their enslavement by liberal policies.
So happy for and - much deserved wins!
you're birthdays right now?
“: But lightskin girls cant fuck”HUH???!
aww, the feeling is more than mutual. :)
And for the first time, the #Oscars only runs 10 minutes late.
lol i thought i was the only one who knew that lol
Wishing I was in new buffalo this weekend, but I'll have to settle for the chi
I'm glad u have a sense of humor! LOL
kogi truck spicy pork sliders + short rib taco = happiness. now if only momofuku had a w. coast truck...david chang?
Commissioner Scott: We need to teach the curriculum, not the test. I see the system teetering on testing side.
Used to live by the Ale House. The buffalo chicken dip is to die for.
Why is your poop yellow? What have you been eating?
The Thai dermatologist I saw a for just a slight rash told me I "needed" Botox, filler and laser treatment! This feels a lot like FML. :(
Cubs have a rain delay every other game
Happy #Travel #Tuesday everybody. Any #travel nightmare stories??
Cover bands don't change the world. Don't be a cover band.
ok here I go, just downloaded the myspace app to my phone!
Yes, Erika G was there! Just spoke with her about the upcoming pedagogy course. /db
There is nothing like the feeling you get driving down the neighborhood you grew up in.
STOP. NO HE'S NOT.
given the $3 service charge per ticket over $2 last year, and $15 ticket vs $10 last year you'd think they could do better.
Hey dudes :)
Tree six mafia
Thank you! that is Polly Tweets LOL : Oh, I love your icon so much! TY for the Tuesday love tweetie ((smiles))
Alamogordo's part of the Earth had rolled away from the Sun and into the Earth's shadow, when a man, 33, tried to leave IHOP without paying.
exactly. Alright Jim, I'm going to relax. Nice talking to you.
Guess who's got two thumbs and has been hangover-free for two years? THIS GIRL!
I'll now be locating you on all social networking sites. Prepare for an onslaught of poop jokes and stories of awkward encounters.
My pleasure Bob! Look forward to your tweets!
Cloverfields on, :D
Tracked a cover for yesterday at It's sounding real purrtyy.
A feast of intellectual ideas. Listening to Leonhardt and Romer analyze the US economy
We have four units up for auction tomorrow at 11am! Call us at 757-426-3212 for details.
Whatever you say about Norv, he has guts. Onside kick works.
good luck on the street single!!
DJ M-Squared & DJ Yonny, brought it so far!
Shout out to amazingly talented actor and friend....#WW hit him up!
Good night, we'll talk tomorrow.
your bush freaks me out
I need money so I can order an Austin Mahone shirt and bracelet. :P<3
missing college today...wish I were on a #derbydays mission this morning
ya he was...I went to the cheetah girls concert (don't ask) and his gf stopped the show because we were distracting him from
Also have chips and dip and sausage apps. Yum yum! Now I should probably get dressed and out the door. Why am I still tweeting?
Don't you worry your pretty little mind. People throw rocks at things that shine.
wish i could retweet your drake texts.
good night TWITTER good night mb 1-4-3
A lil Gucci Mane - Icy at 730 am.
Just saw the trailer for #TheRaven! looks amazing & so right for the part. Looking forward to seeing this film.
Awesome first day on #FamilyAffair! I can't wait to shoot tomorrow. On location in NJ!
A great overtime win! Next home game is Friday, April 6 vs Tulsa & then the season comes to an end on April 7, Fan Appreciation Day!
Oh you are too sweet.
Hoe, I wish u would.
I'm a girl. I can read emotions like Edgar Allen Poe stories.
You are so sweet! I am going to move to Edinburgh one day and be your neighbor!
was it comfortable? Lol
And how about that art? Harren's work here reminds me of a cross between Fabio Moon and...Stuart Immonen, maybe?
2 blogs done. Clean house & then on to write poem for workshop
hey wassup? Its been.forever!
#PeopleThatCanMakeMyDay and and
Get a job, Otis!
You guys we need to be at Duffys!
It seems that I'm physically not capable of drawing the ironman.
Everyone always says there are more fish in the sea... but sometimes I just really want a dolphin
At 3 the human goes through a developmental stage characterized by the child thinking he or she is a comedian. See also wiseguy or smartass.
I didn know we were playing hide and seek o.O
RT : Our winner is
Now now Baby 1ts Justh Text Book Stuff.. 1ts 1n The Abc Of Grow1ng Up. Non Of Us Are Angels And you Know We Love you, YES.7
Or better yet a ufc fighter
My name is Neil ramanan, an I'm a sex offender.
Happy to announce a free upcoming legal seminar on estate planning- June 24 at 7:00. See site for details www.alsarizona.com
new phone looks great!!!
seeking the intersection of the systems and the stories
I don't feel bad for anyone who gets in trouble because for once in their lives they didn't get their way and cussed out a teacher.
Great first hour - and one more to go! Enjoy the news and we'll be right back. Mail the show during the break:
damn right it was. Need to do it again asap
LOL, Okay, okay....ur right! :D
is #Following : #ThankYou, I'm often preparing meals and concerned about our food chain & health I look forward to your tweets
real fucking talk !?!?!?!
thanks guys!!!
I missed Saturdays with nothing to do. Enjoying every minute of it.
Unofficial trivia question: What was the name of the B&B where Buckley's now is? No googling. Be fair.
See, this is why I can't have kids yet, I'd break them.
#HHD have a great day :)
The motorcycle car race is about to go through downtown, I'll see them from my window!
Bet I'm going to look extra cute tomorrow though.
A liberal told me last night she would never vote for Mitt and thought she would vote for RoseannBarr (Green Party) and she loves Obama.
Ah fun times :) RT Successfully hired 2012 interns..hope they put up with me as well as & !
#BEERBIKE! Rain or shine!
High as shit
Yea, most likely. I'll let you know where I'm at.
Oh how I wish stress could burn calories ...
Thanks for the encouraging words. You rock!
Working at the PHCA today lots of projects to get done....
Normally we spread the CURRY LOVE in the LOOP but from here on out we SPREAD the LOVE in the LOOP & in LAKEVIEW!!!
Chase your dream, don't let no hater stop your progress!
And i blame ;) fun night!! RT : dude. I blame you for the spinning room. Just sayin'.
I meant hit me up cuz lmao!!
Hey are you guys right in Rochester?
Dear get a better profile pic. Emo kids are so 2005
it was funny. I flipped to the game, the pitcher throws, & Stanton crushed it. Only bit of game I saw today :) Perfect timing
... who masturbated once a week or more.
Baltimore R u serious I thought u all were gonna fade like an autumn sunset on this stretch of games. 2-0 vs Yanks so far
#Awesome day Kat! Thank you do much!
I have differences of taste with I've no reason to say I "hate" her, though. I just don't read her much.
I'm making my packing list so I don't forget anything. I haven't decided yet what I'm going to wear though.
My favorite (not) hotel booking site is
Its not our day, #saints Come on!
haha I'm thinking bout it
Dear person blasting music from their car while they drive by, Wait... I like that song come back!
#ThatMomentWhen you're out with someone new & you realize that you can't stop thinking about you know who
uhh... so is school over yet?
Eastbay says they're not :(
I love mankind; it's people I can't stand. Charles M. Schulz
justin bieber definitley have no swag ...chris brown does
I'm out @ 3 I though
Oh and anyone know where I can find a JP Losman dolphin jersey?!?! I bet that will be flying off the shelves!
Me: But it's my birthday! Jeff: It's not, really, anymore
I'm totally spamming the shit outta all of your timelines.
Brilliant. Could be sold along with wax-scented candles and water-flavored sports water.
“Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”
You are too kind!
Oh eww ;p
instant wish fulfillment...only in #LA #silverlake #nela Fly PR delivers! hah! right ?
Congratulations and for winning best of show
#NAACP cancels speech. Cong. West is a #WarHero & better than the NAACP ever will be. Shame on the NAACP! RT
you're sexy.
Go get a discount "ENJOY13" www.brandonethree.bigcartel.com
Oh god so MUCH I had a GASM LOOKING AT IT!! Ill send it to you dm
Someone come and make me some food :p
"When your mind says give up hope whispers one more try"
We are headed to the top of the 9th. Dodgers on top 3-1 over the DiamondBacks. Jansen will come in to try and close it out.
I know girl me too!!!! Any insect makes me feel like I need to shower....<U+0001F44E><U+0001F60F>
Peter, that was so last week! Tonite I was with our buddy Tim at #Manresa in Los Gatos ... then met up with Brenda & Ross
Nothing? What about the possibility of Chelsea still finishing 4th cos they'll need that when they lose the CL final ;-)
Hello ! Happy humpday !
loving this weather.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Oral-B Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
The BaltimoreGP may work out with JP Grant at the helm; if it doesn't they'll cut him off from lucrative city contracts.
Demo tape or it didn't happen.
Did you know that meditation boosts the judgement part of your brain?
huge win. I thought Rodgers was gone. Herrera is terrible. Good trade.
#united airlines They break guitars & now baggage. Offers duffle bag on wheels but have to unpack old case and give to them. Please!
I am watching the last season of Smallville...loving it!
HAPPY DAY
Unfortunately I'm not :(
I assume you left Pittsburgh?
lazy sunday :s
I remember when my tweets were mostly hysterical. Nowthey are mostly political and boring. Back to my old ways of being funny starting now
Can we pull ur music from ur website?
love it
precisely, we're actually the new house band at qualcomm stadium with the dead, croce and Yusef Islam. check us out some time.
“: #HoodMemories water balloon blaster guy”
Thank you! A decision I'll need to sleep on :) RT : Aw good luck Lois!! I'm sure you'll pick a beautiful dress!
its on!>RT : Yeppers! U have missed 4 performances/interviews, but we pick back up tomm! Tomm nite,
The B is closed today in preparation for Baltimore Web Slam, we are sorry for the inconvenience but we will see you this weekend!
I ate a slice of pizza today, that is all . Wow <U+0001F612>
That just shows that he really likes to party
lol thats all she do x she made my speakers go out one tyme frm trying tah eat my phone lol couldnt listen to music for a while
try-.- u did last time
Mom got a new Mac, I think I'm gonna make a drum cover today. :D
Wtf. There is seriously a guy at my school who got extensions on his rat tail. That just shouldn't happen.
Ladies get your hair done right! follow
Oh, and Chris is beautiful on the inside AND the outside.
We just found out it's an Antonov An-124, here to refuel.
Experience "sophisticated relaxation" while earning 10% #cashback when you go to Prime Cigar & Wine Bar!
Moms signing for her new truck
website re-design! Far less clutter and larger type size! Nice job :)
If you like to learn and laugh...you're in the right place!
Getting nervous for the show on Friday already! Uh oh!
watching fear factor - why is this lady eating a pigs nose >:/
THE ULTIMATE IRONY: in order to become a notary public, you have to get your form notarized
: Wurstfest and Bandera's Hunter's BBQ are two of my favs.
the pregnancy drama on the yacht was a bit absurd. It was LuAnn's night. Not Ramona's !
wanna tweet a pic of ur haircut!!!!! and just btw here in chicago..... theres snow and i hat snow... :(
THE CUTENESS OF THE NEMI TWEET THAT JUST OCCURED. SOMEBODY HOLD ME
It's official. I have a nerd crush on federal prosecutor Reid Schar. Can't wait for his closing argument in #Blago 2: Trial Harder.
How is it I am losing followers? Would someboday please give me a shoutout? :)
RT : Remember things could always be worse. Atleast you aren't in the
RT : What it says: "Do not touch. "What I read: "Touch when nobody is looking."
Playing Downtown Disney ....flying solo....
"We could get into trouble. That's how you know it's an adventure." Lines from Hugo or John Edwards first seducing his mistress?
Awesome night. Deliciousness. Playoff bball and tacos.
Wish I was going to sleep with tonight <U+0001F494><U+0001F614>
my COUSIN!! How is it goin' ??
tramontane = being or situated beyond the mountains; foreign; barbarous
Us, Today is playing tonight! We're opening for Seashell Radio (Tucson), so come early!
Do you have any extra tix to the May 12th game? I need a Votto bobblehead in my life.
how long do you guys think One Direction will last before they're no longer a trend?
Awww! Don't you look snuggly. :D
is hbomb there???
There is a Croc store at Faneuil Hall. How did I not know about this
the project looks great! I love the Alice in Wonderland post. Could you feature on your site?
oh right, I was invited <U+0001F61C> RT “: Dinner at Clooney's house. Laurel Canyon will be ground zero.”
The first 10 ppl to DM there Full Name, Phone Number and Email get a free photo shoot courtesy of YKMD RT
Warm day in Chicago. Just rode my bicycle from Evanston to Millennium Park... But wussing out and taking the El back. It's windy, yo!
When I'm this sleep-deprived, my tweets start to chocolate parachute marsupial tentacle horseradish.
IronMan or Hulk... in Avengers Hulk. In anything else, IronMan :D
At home with the wife eatting pizza
This cute girl walking by saw me freak out when a leaf blew into me and now I'm going to stay inside forever.
"I know I'm alive but I feel like I've died."
hell yeah "RT : Going out with my girl ;)"
Love the new vitamin water commercial lols
Good morning, new week, new great things in the works.
Cannot believe I have to be at work at 4:30 AM tomorrow. Why am I still up? This is bad...
Can't wait for the next episode of my show! #MagicCityBoom!
...I think most of us agree on the first point, but forget about the problems of achieving the second -- independence ...
LMAO! We'll see if he can get it going.
Bruce Bruce is going in on this chicks coat.
Goodnight fellow tweeters !!
Packed room! 80 members in attendance for Dave Senay's presentation today.
found it
oh i just text you right now
i was
going to put in my vote later today :) good luck!
I don't know how to tell you that I'm done with running back and forth
did u ask her if she is interested in some part time yard work? LOL
We really like how press releases are indexed so quickly...awesome content marketing opportunities.
we so live
Just an FYI that I'm a trumpet player, is the DJ.
thank you potna
im coming home today!!!
I'll be at today. Come and say hi!
Head, spinning. Decisions, terrifying.
A new contract signed this morning with a Fortune 500 firm is a great way to begin 2012! Go Team Fresh!!
I see you so different now....
Can't go out my room because somebody's heree. dang bro, take yo axs homee.
Be Quite and Drive
greedy ass. Could've mailed me a slice.
Hopin to be good for tomorrow, as hard as this is to believe, it's not fun skippin school
Nice grand slam HR by Brian McCann in the bottom of the 5th off Roy Halladay!
yes exactly. BOYS, DO YOU HEAR THIS, YOU ARE AWFUL ACTORS except you lou, he was actually good.
About to hit up the town.
Let me get this straight: if I ride my bike to work next Fri, someone will give me bacon in the am, and then I get to go to a BBQ for lunch?
This is tweeting wit josh phn:)
realized the issue is on my end.
hey. are you ok? we've never talked but youre obviously really upset. im here to help or listen, if you want. <3 stay safe.
Lolsx Me Miss U Too
hey, i'm doing that right now (21 day)! last week of it
Image: "Indians" folder at Patten Free Library, Bath, Maine, 2011: "like a 'White People' folder."
I feel like a slag for buying the boy's birthday cake instead of lovingly crafting one from scratch.
All Florida lawyers who seek to follow me, will be BLOCKED until Title II ADA for Autism training is mandatory in the Florida Bar / Courts
Thursday morning I will be presenting a discussion of option and compliance issues to the Nonprofit Fiscal Managers Association.
Rest in peace everybody we lost in this world. I guess we all gotta go one day.
So cold waiting for bus my earbud cord froze stiff
I'm impressed that you watch The Bachelor. You're officially every woman's dream!
#Marc #Savard back at practice
Happy birthday.
Lunch at BAR BOUCHON, sitting outside with my hottie, is a great afternoon!
What are your favorite lyrics from one of our songs!? :)
CM moves to NOT lay off city employees, at least until Jan. 1, 2013. (CLA reduced # of layoffs from 231 to 209.)
"But there are cars still moving a block away!" she says, and then waits for them to stop before she leaves the curb, as the light changes.
It will be more exciting to announce it at
Ur absolutely right!!! RT : “: I'ma say a prayer for these ignorant niggaz” that's all u can do
I could have sworn u was ready !
Can't wait to start a Bachelor's Degree? You don't have to! Call 1.800.997.1673, and start on April 30! Move your career forward!
this isnt a manga. Everything is overly dramatic in manga. #Futurama does a great job in making fun of that btw
Nah I'm good I got inspiration
: #PalePeopleProblems being given the kiss of life if you fall asleep in public.
LOL young girls who act like they're potheads to get guys.
Hoping Nyjer Morgan gets in the game for #Brewers today, if only so people can see and enjoy his crazy neon pink shoes.
Colton is just a terrible human being--
Hear messages from Pastor Steve Smothermon, Pastor Mark Fredrick Tross, Pastor Dewey Moede, Former Congressman and Pastor Bill Redmond
Need a dope photographer for a celebrity event in LA June 9th. If you are one or know of one contact asap
lmao hahaha and im off friday
I see you on instagram. Love u
hey lady!
Sad that Network is begin deactivated...that's been a daily stop for me for the past several months.
Bam! And THAT'S why I don't carry #weed around! #SuckItPigs! #stopped&searched
Pete you should come on my baseball podcast brother in universal city it would be fun are you a redsox fan
We graduate tomorrow. Just stop.
Open houses all day.
Well,,, pretty proud of myself ! Made it though the jack in the box drive without passing out !!
y'all just lost by 30 a few days ago
maybe it's all the poker talk.;-)
My stepson is coming home from Korea for a visit..
Booked job in KC in two weeks when I visit my hubby!
Will be incorporating the new color of the year into my current PIXEL-Micro! super hot!
good morning
u rock we all love u here in new york ! i love ur song "baby" i cant wait till my world part 2 comes out !!! plezzz follow me
Hope you think that Johnny Wright and YOBI.tv should sign me!
Why thank you Makenzie
HELP! I need some more followers, I am at 666 followers, show me some #Jesus love and help me out of this!
i was just thinkn bout yall but im bout to start rubbing it.. im eatting mhe tacos... yyyuuummmm
Guy walked by asking Y the comm isn't involved in lot cleanup. I wanted to reply asking Y the comm didn't clean lot yrs b4 me.
yooo im in BK. Let's link. I lost my contacts
email a shipping address to we'll send you some prototypes. Just ask honest feedback in return.
doing great, working on a lot of fun projects and getting ready to move to a bigger place here in Houston.
an unfortunate American child told me.."even my worst day feels okay with a mouthful of milk and cookies". not much to ask for.
what u doing today?
Heart disease risk can indicate long-term COPD fate
come back to us in one piece and ready to party! love and miss you! be safe.
The writing sessions for the all new KHB project continue tonight! There are great things in store for your eyes and ears! Please stay tuned
Voters have become, basically, spoiled children. Last two elections about showing politicians who is boss. Guess what? They are.
There's only 1 rule. I will not lose
No, not WORSE than Green Death NyQuil. But tastes almost EXACTLY like it. Zicam yields good results, but will stick w/ tablets.
Yea how u doing
Shun Lee based. Opera bound.
Amen. MT : I understand believing in God...But I don't understand believing that God intervenes in pro football games.
Trying to tweet bout Cloud Nothings without using cliches like "killing it" "bringing it" "rockin'." Failing. They're ferocious.
5pm on Wednesday. Anyplace you suggest.
NOT loving the rain. I would prefer something white with a bit of fluff :(
Just took a walk with my dog . So nice out!
Is your brain ready for Geek Team Trivia tonight at Scotland Yard Pub? 8PM! Brian Adams tix for first prize.
:( hey sleepover tomorrow :))
catch up E..u wildin
Kentucky should go to the NBA playoffs after the #final four!
break out the beer, I'll do the same!
If they wanna Hate let they ass Hate jus make sure u give em sumn good to Hate on
oh fuck yeah :)
I thought the Buffett Rule involved margaritas and cheeseburgers?
It all makes sense now...
Peter, are you THIS close to Beyoncé? If not, go cleanse your demonic soul.
We are so ready for the summer. Out of town shows:)
it's happiness in a can!
RT if you a sexy bitch with good "Pu$$yLikeKush"
when back at the crib
#Longhorns w/ a Friday morning tipoff means I won't be productive AT ALL today. #ItsACelebration or
Nap? Gym? Nap? Gymzzzzzzzzz.....
Or you could have him just attend High School in Vegas for a year and he'll be so Blackspanic it's not even funny!
Oh , I feel your insomnia pain.
if McDonald's sold hot dogs could you order a McWeiner w/a straight face & ask for it super sized? LOL...
thanks for the updates! Getting me pumped for the weekend!
Adam Brody will forever make me swoon.
guess how many times iv seen nsn?? 5 times!!! and each time is more amazing then the last!! <3 love you forevor
iwish ihad a boo to cheer me up rite now :/
Discount Door window : 15% discount on purchase of $2000 Use Coupon code:2000
Good morning tweople...*sings* Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful day for a neighbor, would you be mine? -Mr. Rogers
I hope D Rose pulls some Willis Reed shit in game one of the conference finals! #justshowup knows what NBA History I speak
Mystery bruises drive me crazy. Where did I get these huge black and blues from? Ouch!
S. Illinois. Near St. Louis.
people who i will be playing some music with in the next 32 hours- old town school sephardic music ensemble, gHOST project and mi yodea.
it put the steely in Dan
I hate.crying. i feel weak.
Cover of the Post today shows how people really are in this world. Get what they need from you, then throw you away. Heartless.
Happy Saturday! We are delivering lunch! Delivery is always free for 3 or more! 303-623-0525
Im a lifegaurd. I'll save you. :)
busted indeed lol
I'll be swinging by early next week...need to do some jacket shopping for an upcoming trip! :)
oh ok I knew bout them thought I missed something
Dreams are nothing more than wishes, and wishes are just Dreams...
Glad to see 2 review articles dedicated to early America in the latest ESC
The hard-working, ground-breaking #HESP department is hiring new professors! Keeping up great education, great staff, great students.
got lucky today never ever smelt anything so horrid. x__x
RT : #FirstDateRules: ALWAYS HAVE AN ESCAPE PLAN.
"The bamboo that bends is stronger than the oak that resists." Japanese Proverb
It's only 11:30, shoot me
yes of course!!! They are the biggest impediment to cleanliness!!!
Doesof_pink3 is chasing me around the house with a knife.
Basketball one day, soccer the next. My body is destroyed. Combo of getting old and being out of shape.
I'd rather be crazy. I'd rather go insane, than having you stalk my every thought, than having you here inside my heart.
One thing I have learned is time flies when your having fun!
KEEP MY MUTHA FUCKIN MOMMA NAME OUT UR DAMN MOUTH U DNE KROSSED THE LINE !!!!
nothing cloud
Probably. The subconscious is sneaky like that. I also have weird dreams if I eat ice cream right before bed 2, so who knows :)
i know omg im yelling
we can ask that at the legal roundtable tomorrow
Looking for someone in #Chicago who is available for an indexing project. It will be for 4 days only to start in the next couple of weeks, …
Frank Catalanotto, the Cat, is now following me on Twitter. That was a fun email to read.
Happy New Years Eve everyone!!
I'm sorry MBC but you are making me want to kill myself with this thing dragging on and on!
I cant wait to go to newyork...yh bby...
No. Vanessa Macias. RT : Is Natalie Tejeda doing this PA??
sometimes catching up on email is a full time job
Damn - do you know what's a good album? Chill in Brazil The Samba and Bossa Lounge. Off the hook.
Apply NOW for THATCampVA! Deadline Oct 25. BootCamp & #thatcamp to be held at in C'ville, Dec 17-19.
I hate riding this bike makes my ass hurt
I need up to 1,000 followers
aw i love u too
Kris Joseph is the first Orange this season to have a double-double, 20 points/ 10 boards.
Well if anyone is going to beat us at least it was Chris young.
oh wow! So will any ol' mayo do or does it need to be a certain brand?
Block Party Band will be rocking the house this evening @ Front Page News Midtown for the 2011 Farewell Party. Don't forget to bring...
The cookies I am baking have to stay in the oven for 9-11 minutes. And it's 9/11. Ooh, that is spooky.
What part of the country do you hail from?
I hear money...
that was an epic chapter :D
Thats really great man. Keep me posted to when they come out and I will check em out!! thanks
Mixing new song with Mark Needham! One more to go!!
It is National Coffee Week! Perfect for your favorite blend tomorrow morning.
Dorian: "8 out of 10 millennia sleep with their phones near. Only 3 out of 10 for people older than 50 do."
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! :)
you can't score now lol like I said. Fleury is underachieving but is accomplished. Flyer goalies are just bad
See what you started, Scott? I blame you. RT who wears pajamas?
Lovin having this beautiful Friday off!
That website is addictive. crazy stuff!!
Audition tip #6: Better to be assumed cocky than too humble! Act like you Want it! Not Need it!
Avery Bradley and Rondo compliment each other well. Really solid backcourt combo.
Washing machine broken. Teaching the kids about the laundry mat today- I will sit back, read a book and watch the kids embrace their future.
I'll DM you my contact info and let's try to chat when you have a chance. is so ready!
ASEAN, China Agree on Guidelines for China Sea Settlement
Hi, Monica: I am a private Mandarin tutor in Seattle. Perhaps, we can chat. Enjoy the good weather! ;)
Beach when? Saturday?
!!! HUGE FURNITURE SALE IS GOING ON !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Going forward this morning work out flow :)
The rain is making it one lazy day!
Watched #parksandrec live for the first time since 2010. I forgot how fun it is to read hashtags DURING the show.
thanks for the quick & clear response!
Do you know how many Facebook friends I have? I'm in trouble.
Fiona Apple sold out and I never made it past the server error page! Aargh! 90s teenager me just died inside.
i know it's way overdue, but i think i need to make my new website :)
“: Work flow #TeamNordstrom (:”>> bout to come get me a discount lls !! Didn't know u worked there !!
Like today I honestly felt like just getting drunk... And saying fml... But I didn't... So I'm proud... Baby steps
GODORT happy hour info has been posted to the blog, wiki, conference schedule, ALA wiki, govdoc-l and godort list. Any other suggestions?
hello there!
Need badges for the real world. I believe I have just mastered scrambled eggs.
When life gives you lemons, make ORANGES!!!
in the cinema watching
whatevea u want! just dont be a hater on anyone :O cus i HATE drama and i just dont want all the mentoions be so.. ughh u kno?
I like Eric Bedard to go 6+ IP today. He will be tough on #Phillies lefties.
Blah blah blah :-)
What is a lensbaby composer. What does it do? Does it provide better adjustment for the lens?
It's easier to give it to someone else than to receive it yourself
Laser therapy is a deep-penetrating laser light that allows relief of pain through the release of endorphins & stimulates cell repair
#FF digital & social media ppl:
Visit #educationUSA at #AACRAO11 booth 112. Advisers from Poland, Nigeria & Russia.
do they know you by name?
“: Our population grew by another 95 people since you started reading this.”
Very kind of you to say and I'm really happy that you enjoyed it!
hope all is well brother...big fan here on east coast, keep telling it like it is
#WhitneyHouston RIP I still cannot believe this!
Picking up Mt Laurel Chief then on the way 2DC.
creepers be creepin
bible it's getting better!But before I didn't use it.i only use it with you guys when we gossip and spanishspeaking clients
4.1 Black women are Heads of Households v. 972,000 Black men. #did u know?
I'm working on a new TV show/youth dvpt program & was wondering how I could get a write up from the Patch, plz guide me!
It's a shame your liver can't take context into account.
Sunshine & Chrome Rims...Perfect Combination!!Hahaaaaa
And when calls are not of decent quality over public WiFi, what can I do?
dude don't know or care about all the hate u get, but u rock.. Enjoy some bird....
Just witnessed: #SlappingTheNoodle in OP.
It's the truth. Guess you got to deal with it now.
lol well its how u make me fill but its all sexy lol
Why would Newt be pushing for "no attack ads" ? Ohh, he doesn't want people to remember all the crap he has done... we get what we deserve
Pythagoras~ In anger we should refrain both from speech and action.
So true! :) RT its just something about a nice gold glass of tampico
Wanting to take a motorcycle ride off in the woods!
No practice tomorrow
Anyone need 5000 cans of spam?
now that IE9 has hardware accellerated text, i can read faster and better, like never before
The dream of the 80's is alive in Joanie...
thanks for the follow love
Woken up at 2:00 am by a damn phone call!!!! Do you have any idea how tired I am!?
Thx for that info! Maybe we will try to get him to speak in NYC -- that seems a whole new take on Adorno.
Just in case you're wondering, we're taking a breif hiatus to enjoy the birth of my 2nd son, Maxwell James Simpson, born Sept 16th. More...
Just passed Flower shop full of last minute V day shoppers. Note to the guy buying 2 gerber daisies: that's just not going to cut it.
LMFAO : #ColumbineTweet RT : !!!!!! RT : i Hate Them Black Children At My School . So Fuckin Childish
Job CA or WA - 150k-250k File Systems Devs, SQL Server Devs, Java Server Side, Storage Protocols.
#FreeTebow and let him become the used car salesman he was born to be
If you want to know what's going on with the Lions, Tigers, or Pistons, follow
I was already in Phoenix, AZ last August for a week.
Thanks for sharing!
Life would be a lot easier if I knew what I wanted
happy birthday u crazy bastid! And as always #tittysprinkles! LMFAO!
Today's Drinking Special: Strawberry Mimosa while supplies last!
Up at night, laying in my bed thinking of you. I wonder if by chance you are thinking of me too. </3
Working on the weekend--ugh this blows. Happy Valentines Day computer!
thats what I'm saying. She has the bow that matches the pants, that matches the purse lol
Great Smoky Mountains and great big rain drops...
my wife has a thing against Sex on Sunday, is that weird? I mean C'mon, I like my sports and my recreation on Sundays! PLAY BALL!
great performance from Cusack!!
not yet well yeah in september lol
Off site meetings are becoming more popular at trade shows. Brands are hosting mini-exhibits in suites to further hold attendees’ interest.
By the way...I'm eating a cinnamon roll while writing my last status.
“: Hey have you tried the green smoothie that is talking about??? I'm hesitating!!! Ha!” Not yet!!
yeah lol I saw and decided to follow back ^_^
No matter how bad you think your life is, wake up thankful for what you have. Someone somewhere is fighting just to survive.
At home eating a tri tip sandwhich
That was me at AAMG conference on Saturday, in Houston. Talking about new directions in curator. As always!
Yes! Thanks, Melissa. It was a little different and more in depth than some others I've read recently.
I really want t0 b back in bed n0w with a w0rking f0ne.
Somebody play me in Draw Something!
what's the rule about tipping if you're just doing takeout at a restaurant?
Weeks and Hart will be difficult/impossible to resign when their contracts are up. We need to use them to re-stock the system.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
... but not in this lifetime.
I was in the same boat. Case of the Fridays.
#nowplaying .. Usher - Scream
Herbert Spencer~ Life is the continuous adjustment of internal relations to external relations.
Life is a lesson you’ll learn it when you’re through
eggs oatmeal !!!
hi again!
Want Johnny Rocker & The High Rollers at your event? Email the band at !
I lasted 19 days w/o getting on Twitter
Headache Nigga Stress....
NEW SINGLE CALLED"DJ BRING IT BACK' PRODUCED BY VIRTUAL X IS WHATS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW.
We love the UK! One family member worked this summer in London. We also have an Aussie in the family. Share the Biscuits!
Just FYI: Protestors are expected to show up at the Encinitas council mtg tonite to protest SONGS/ask for a resolution to decommission it.
Yeah, part of the reason I'm a Caps fan ;)
Dropped a 30 yard dumpster at Macy's downtown at 7 am and now we're working with the contractor that is doing the upgrade for Macy's!
Hi all, I am up before 7 am and everyone else in the house...what do I do now?
Screw the office lotto pool.... I'm wasting way too much money on my own tickets! LOL
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily !
"Break That Single!" supports indie music at its finest. The show starts from 6pm-9pm @ 4700 maryland pkwy. & Tropicana @ the Freakin Frog
The ian laperriere puck to the face replay might be one of the hardest ever to watch
have to psych myself up for work tomorrow
Just in one of those moods when I'm just done
. sees FRBR problem: where is inheritance if attributes are disjoint? (only work has subject, manifestation has typeface)
Good morning lovely people
I only listen to thug music now, that other stuff makes me think to much..
Ewww!! truck driver just honked his horn and mouthed "I love you" to us lmao
Yo, I can hear every word your sayin son. I'm right in front of you and your practically screaming.
holy damn!!!!
Congrats to Novak Djokovic for winning the Australian Open!
It's a new political world for GV, Sahuarita, Nogales - Green Valley News It 's a new political world for GV, Sahuarita, Nogales Green Va
man everything what's the word?!
Thanks for following lifecoachharbor! I help women find their own answers to life's challenges
I do so wish I could find Celestino Coronado's adaptation of A Midsummer Night's Dream. Feel free to see if you can find it and let me know.
familys coming tomorrow and im suuppppeeerrr excited! (:
When you realize your relationship with someone is never going to go back to the way it used to be <
Thanks for the RT!
There's a man riding a three story tall bicycle up Sepulveda from Santa Monica blvd. playing "Over the Rainbow" thru a bullhorn on back!
"Spirituality is to religion as justice is to law." --Richard M. Gross
u just have to find the right person. Not every one is a jerk.
Tommy Thompson: "In three weeks we're going to send a shockwave across this state and nation."
Advice from an ex-SBUX barista: Next time order a Black Eye (coffee + 2 shots).
70% surveyed said would use a QR code again or for first time. 87% scan QR codes for coupons.
The Elias Sports Bureau just announced that Tim Tebow will have his stats kept by a chimp. Who has been taught to count all the way to 9.
Each decision we make is an important decision.
not as well connected in NYC as I am in BOS - but i'll keep my ears open for ya!
Having trouble getting #The eNotated Sailing Alone Around the World to Australian blogger.
haha agreed! :P
The only tim (besides, of course ) I want to hang out with is tim tam.
Still drunk from last night. And have 6 hrs of school
I hope everyone has a very safe and Happy Thanksgiving!! :)
every time I see Cindy Lauper in any media I think of him. She's lucky to have such a big fan.
I was so excited that my new showed up yesterday! Who else go theirs?
Get ready for the right brain! Here comes Domenica.
Undertaker knows how to make an entrance
"DiGiorno Pizza Dipping Sticks" are a thing.
Always wondered who #DarrylStrawberry or #TooTall Jones would start in their fantasy football league? Find out today!
I'm predicting Ron Paul will probably win tonight... even tho he didn't win the Iowa Pie Eating Contest earlier today
Whenever I have to give a presentation I like to tie it all together at the end with "So, um...yeah....".
we want DP2. Please make it. It would be a dream come true. :(
How should the story (design story) begin -- ?
"I don't care how poor a man is; if he has family, he's rich." ~Dan Wilcox and Thad Mumford, M*A*S*H
so exciting. wish I could join you..
Losers live in the past. Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future. - Denis Waitley
thanks man
if you got it you got it you got that voom voom (8)' <3
I'd participate in an #educoach book chat over the summer. : )
I so hoped that they would make it, so sad. And after all that she went through.
Hello new friend thank you for the follow! :)
Filming this week going hard!
RT : Taking part to promote the upcoming #IgniteBoise #IB7 on Tune in.
And I promise I'll always love you, that I'll always be here for you, and that we will always be together.
appreciate response but very disappointed.Will be going to for future flights,one too many bad experiences with you
Let's see what will happen tomorrow...
There is a special place in Hell reserved for musicians who uses autotune to distort their voices in songs.
Pirates sometime this weekend?
Is getting on my PS3 to play some rock band 2
I don't want to be that parody that is a dick. But god damn, some of these morons...Alright, I'm out. Back to REAL work.
I'm about to punch my aunt in the fucking face. Annoying ass bitch.
This first-time opera goer is looking forward to seeing Madama Butterfly tonight, courtesy of and
It's snowing at my parents'! :)
we are with you my man!
explain it to me
Happy bike to work day to you! What kind of folder do you have??
I worked 7 hrs straight on my memory book today. It looks so good! Its a good thing I love crafts otherwise I would have said screw it.
Yes, please!!
S/O to making moves in this industry, follow him ASAP
we're living in parallel universes.
Before I made it to work, I stopped by my polling precinct and
": stop drinking!">lol brain busted!! Deep thought
hanging out with friends, eating brie, playing with
when I saw you and the boyz on ABDC, me and my friend bayleigh literally started jumping up and Down and started screaming! Ily!
Godspeed, little doodle.
JPMorgan trading loss an upset for big US bank credits
20 minutes till the phillyhunt question, it will come at noon and be about the Daily News. You can win a giftcard from !
"Sleek and safe to drop"
I booked a night at the ritz, so I can put them between your tits
WeLoveRianDawson , do you?
yes unbelievable! Maybe he had 17 days off?!?!
I got this drink in my cup!
Sweet! What's your favorite takeaway so far?
#IWantBTRAutograph please choose the 3rd winner already, i hope its me :) or my other twitter page
Practice makes perfect..... Working on my left hand.... POOF!!!!!!
": Game postponed. Single admission DH tomorrow. Who's coming to watch the boys play 2?! #ALotOfBaseball" I will drop bye.
awkward moment when your friend and you are planning to drive down to see christian..but then realize were not on spring break but he is
2 nashville boys have cds that dropped today!! and , get some!!!! U know u won't be disappointed!!
Sorry, it all happened pretty fast, tried to let everyone know. Thx for the kind words, we'll always have Hotdog Plays of the Week
RT if your one of the few who has NOT been spreading the rumors about , but SUPPORTING him? :)
I played the Big Gamer on Campus Instant Win Game & Sweepstakes for a chance to score big prizes! Check it out www.biggameroncampus.com
good god! so violent!
Netflix makes yet another change. I give the CEO 90 days before he declares he's resigning to pursue election somewhere.
...conforming to the european editions.
Currently listening to Big G's Wakarusa soundboard recording. Dom kills it on the sax in I Can't Stop!
Not really dreading this school week! Last week of being a junior! Dang... Senior 2013
fuck what people say And think get yours Kandi=Haters!!!!
thank you darlin! Have a wonderful day!
Life is a long lesson in humility.
Someone from Kalispell, MT is pretty anxious for the upcoming video. Check the sight in the morning ;)
In Houston with team playtesting. They loved card game! Now playing online!!
cookies and bread actually. Are there different shipping tips for each?
My boyfriend is performing with the hip New Villager at the New Museum Wednesday (tomorrow) night, come get freaky with me!!
We got our exterior location for the Detectives shoot. 1 down 2 to go.
where yu get yours?
RT : RT : " When all the trees are gone, animals hunted, waters polluted, &air unsafe, only then will you see mo ...
omg thank you (:
To bad you're not around the block from me :(
"surprised Eddie? I wouldn't be more surprised if I woke up tomorrow morning with my head sewn to the carpet than I am right now."
i feel like that second move is more likely to be approved by a credentialed exercise professional for inclusion. ooh snap indeed.
"The semen analysis looked excellent" is just not something I expect to overhear at the vet's office. Or anywhere, ever.
ALEXX OMG WONDER IF YOU WOULD DM SOMETHING RANDOM!!! HOPE YOU DO..
Never count the cost it's worth all that's lost
Working dogs....dogs that pull carts and do taxes?
You have to Take A pic with a I <3 for the fb Yung Deet
Gorgeous coats!!!! Wow and I was coat hunting...THANKS!
can't believe no one gave you a hard time about this tweet
dinner: the dark side of campus dining.
Some crazy Jayhawkers out in OKC tonight.
Haha man if I was mean person I'd say some.mean shit to people but I just choose not to care stay laid back
Yes! Yes yes yes yes yes...
...needs a new phone. I have AT&T currently. Any suggestions?
Spinning at area 31 tonight on the terrace....music starts at 6pm!
Quinn, don't go for him. He's cute but you only have so long to go for Rachel! Haha
Jeydon Wale () is a crazy fothermucker, he should follow me ;)
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators. -Edward Gibbon
Whatt u can do tah make a gurl smile.. A Gm text will do :D
that cinnamon toast crunch?!? That stuff keeps me comin back
trapahpedia 2 cover comin at the top of the hour
Always provide fresh water. Leave the water out so that your pet may drink whenever he or she likes.
Boomdocks is my jam!
Pumpkin spice tea after my PS coffee with a PS muffin and a PS candle burning. In autumn, I have a problem
#youknowyourhighwhen you can never hit the ending note on
#calibconf awesome repurposing ereaders to book club in a box program sac public!
En route to Austin for Keller Williams Franchise Systems Orientation... Who is there to connect?
he's annoying af.
I've been doin alright, just tryna get shit done. Where u go to school?
well Dan it is important ... This is the biggest week of your life!!!!!
Eager to hear what comes out of those conversations! Is tweeting allowed?
The three-umpire system is not working here.
I fuckin hate eagles fans they better not get rid of or he gonna win a super bowl else were
so whts up
Big week ahead in Murray trial. Battle of the propofol experts. Defense case begins...Needs a rabbit out of its hat. Catch me on KTLA
*washes brain* *accidentally dries brain* *brain shrinks* Crap. On the other hand, maybe I'd like that book now.
haha yea I know... and ok I will check them
is so worth it, such a purty sequined purse!!!
Kid in my class told me Star Wars wasn't real. I told him it was in a galaxy far far away so how would you know?
Good morning everyone i hope you slept good if not im sorry but i hope you have a fun funny safe stress free wonderful blessed day today
You're absolutely right. Wanted to do a whole list of historic failures (some of which became successes).
The prosecution's office needs to embrace technology.Let THE people test how Pros. Disc. is being used.Social media?
Like a fool left the river, and watched my branches fall.
Up way too early this morning for a film shoot...
So what we go drunk :)
RT : Tomorrow's #LegalChat topic "Does Information Governance have a place in a law firm?" moderated by 11am ET
Oh! We can't wait to hear what you come up with!
can't wait for your conceeeeeeerrrrrt(: in new york cityy. (:
just gone put my hair up in a ponytail tomorrow ! getting hair done after school :)
"What are THEY thinking anyway?" a discussion series to promote civil discourse presents The League of Young Voters. Friday [6/10] at noon!
i did , but he didnt respond . oops . now tell roc i said hey boo
I love doing that. There are worse habits.
We are good. Just helping people save money on life insurance!
good shit. this would be his 3rd. crazy good
I dont believe in DQ, Im more of a Jack kind of person. Yanno, curly fries (; yup.
Working on our pitch for today. Glad to have two of these under our belts to learn from. Hopefully our winning continues...:)
All systems which reduce, restrict, or eliminate freedom in any way are systems which work against life itself.
flip flops no feet Handicap but eat meat
yea i feel you! its laid back! you up now! lol
too high of expectations
Way too excited for the morning can't sleep!! :)
Easiest, and last, day of classes...
CBS News confirms 7 Marines killed in helicopter collision near Yuma, Arizona.
And how calling for a strong, diverse, smartly implemented transit system is a 'denial' of any of those things?
Happy Halloween!
Being interviewed on Monday in Detroit for the SPIKE TV show "Don't Be a Victim" to air in June
it was so much fun! 10 days of food & good times :-) A post to come about my first 'Fun Run' crazy pple running in costumes.
Rick Santorum "described Ron Paul as an unproductive member of Congress..." That sounds to me like a glowing endorsement.
Are there really *cancel* rumors? I'll call my friends at #NBC!
Much to my surprise, there's nothing racist about Soup Plantation. Who knew?
Cannot believe I missed Bill Murray in #RVA!
Don't ya just love when things are obvious but you never realize them?! Lol
Minneapolis bound!
OKAY I WILL. You could always just put it to voicemail!
I've got 3 page done out of 5. Homestretch! I just need to stop taking breaks. Impossible because I love breaks!
lol I see!!
Oh crap... In Living Color on tv. I still laugh
RT #realIvyLeague good look thanks for the
Are you getting ready for St Patrick's Day yet? We sure are!! Make sure to stay tuned for what's coming up!
Follow us Claudio!
It was really great to meet you! I'm so excited for all the #Virginia LOVE during Historic Garden Week.
Today I've done nothing. Absolutely nothing, and it was everything that I thought it could be.
Working on a Sunday, no days off!!!!!!!!
Ah yes, urticant, A substance that causes itching or stinging.
I wish you Wisdom to choose priorities for those things that really matter in life.
Broken headphones need new ones!
even w a decade news media exp I had not given it much thought. thx for pointing out the difference
Thank you for applying!! Please spread the word!! Nominate others!!
Some students of Santana High School hit by car on way to school. Minor injuries reported.
still sick dont know what going on sore throut havent been drink for 2 days already and i only eating 1 a day im loseing my life already:(
lol I haven't :/ but I can't believ u remember! Haha
Happy Birthday
Me too lolRT : Had fun with the hommie last night
Gardner Shirt - Check...Planned escape from work to be home in time for the game - Check! Let's Go Yankees! Happy Opening Day!
Shoot time!
Lots of new ideas being developed in the Us, Today laboratory.
enjoying the Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
who communicates about email being down via email...my IT department apparently...
pt 2: have them take pics of their cars and put them on an individual slide of shared "google presentation"
We are always happy to hear this! Isn't it great getting them delivered right to your door? Enjoy dude!
Well what a pretty name! haha
On my way to set to work with some talented people
i found an old suite identical to yours! i'm rocking it for halloween!
kobe a bitchh..
I wonder if my lack of decaf coffee this morning gave me this horrible headache?
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
belated response - those are all horrible! so sorry that you've had such terrible dates!
havent been on in a while wassup twitter
About to make some chicken Tacos, fries and sip on this White Remy :-)
Publish and then *filter*.
Im at Western Sizzlin eating wit da peoples...
RT : 50 years ago this month, the Beatles were rejected by Decca Records -- "Guitar groups are on the way out." The legend:...
Sitting outside studying on this beautiful day with . <U+2600><U+2600><U+0001F603>
I love when people get all mad cuz I don't reply to their text haha they b like "y didn't u text me back!" I say prolly cuz I don't like you
Hey people, we're on Instagram! We have the same name there as Twitter--we'd love to connect w/ you!
If your heart was really 'broken' you wouldn't be alive. Lol.
#sdmayornp "arts and culture needs to be defended in its own terms"
Why do people call it a GREEN room when it's NOT green!!!
I just direct messaged you.
be there around 930 if it's cool
no plans? Come visit me.
My dad and i jamming out to young wild and free Haha
No school tomarrow again! Ugh
I like my music real loud, real loud.
Pierre Corneille~ Love lives on hope and dies when hope is dead
Now people know how it feels to be hurt all the time. </3
Bitter because I accidentally clicked a promoted tweet.
I really just wanna sleep in... But GoodMorning #TweetFreaks:))
Ufc tonight! Followed by live music, drink specials all night. Get here early and stay late
RT : Q3. When have you adjusted an uncomfortable idea to make it fit w/what youre more comfortable thinking?
and kitties. She makes kitties look awful.
#SFIC - Tip: if you have the option, use interchangable core next time you have to rekey panic/exit devices. = long term cost savings.
I gota get my eyebrows done soon!
go to the link and find out!
I FINALLY finished the Hunger Games series. Now I have nothing better 2 do :,(
If only... Will be released on august 29th. I have a surprise that will also be releases in late august.
did u finish the art? If so, please email it to me!
I'm releasing all songs from now on with a clean version. I do have a clean version of F The Haters Anthem on the site
Oh, Dear God, won't the laundry *ever* be done?!
thanks for contacting me. Send me a DM
Focusing, focusing, focusing!
I hope you had a awesome 15 birthday prince, bet you can't wait for your 16th huh?
The greater your capacity to love, the greater your capacity to feel the pain.-- Jennifer Aniston
Prepping for a load-in...
It's one of my biggest pet peeves...
Happy Mother's day ladies
You bet, I have said from the beginning, for me it's all about moving W5 forward!
Mr. Bing's north beach.
RT : Mindset Tip: Obnoxious people are a chance to practice grace, patience and empathy.
- thanks for the shout out for Backyard Campout! All the fun continues this week on M/W/F/Sat!
going big with
S and then...It's off to INVESCO Field at Mile High!!! GO BRONCOS!!!
Anyone taking part in Bank Transfer Day? We want to talk to you.
Yayyy is Yi hooking you up? :D
Proud Bobcat tonight!
Who should our next Dance Group of the Week be tweeps? wee need suggestions!
Goal setting is easy, is the doing part most people don't do.
rt: hey do not worry. You will be grand.
Rip emma eklund when I herd about that shit a nigga froze
Happy Easter, Happy Passover, Happy Peeps, Happy Spring!
Thanks so much, we're so happy to be downtown.
so they're only keeping 1 teacher at each K & 1 grade level? that is insane. Very frustrating 2 say the least.
Dave, can you send that? tools for learning!
lol. my story is a little weirder as I seemed to open my parent's mind on the hypocrisies of the right. thank god...
Falling asleep to #godspeedyoublackemperor songs, specifically #sleep. Precious and #goodnight .
"We need more pitchers b/c we sell Margaritas out of them on Wednesday nights and it gives u free advertising" WTF? Margaritas make me $0
ctfu right here
U kno who gind find u! Sum old man fishin!!b.
John Travolta Gay. R we really suprised?
I've got the evidence
As Pirates fans from across the world go NO!
awesome! can you post a link?
hahaahahahahahah we are the biggest losers in the entire world <3
Not good. Papelbon gives up single to right to Upton. Now facing Longoria who has two hits including a homerun and two RBI.
Are you following us? Don't see dm option
Stop tweeting, Drew. It's your birthday!
Friday the 13th just got a bit more spooky this month. Due to some delays in mastering we have to push back our release date to 4.13.12.
RT keep a back up, in case these niggas wanna act up!
Yea I have freckles but still look pretty(; ha
Check me out at tonight. Rockin it in the new Dj booth.
Who going to the game against Detroit next Saturday?
Happy birthday sophiaa<(
Congratulations Rob & Shannon, ur in Renegades courtesy of The Chicks....enjoy ur night!!!!!!
Thank you! You have been RTd!
Hmm what's going on in this picture lol.
Morning Twitter.
#NYC come out to Gallerybar NYC for some dirty house music from
Good Morning!
Thanks for the RT!
Surprise of the week: Fourth Kind was a really good movie.
so ur predicting Kimi will win the Spanish GP!
There's a great story waiting to be written about how #Twins became so bad so fast--from division champs to '62 Mets in less than two years
Okay so I finished mowing, cooled off a bit. Now to shower & shop! Oh and get lunch, I'm hungry.
We opened at 4:30. What better way to wind down your weekend than making a list of what you'll do this week while sipping your favorite?
Happy Earth Day have a great weekend!
I live to please. ;)
Tis the season for Public schools to be starting back up- is there any school that has excess funding? Any with more $/child than last year
thanksgiving+free food= free loaders lol
Done w the spanish subtitles for the Latin American press junket w/ SNM talent!! Can't wait for its release!
Change before you have to. -Jack Welch
Planet Earth looks blue and there's nothing I can do...
How many scholarships does a team need to get a decent kicker?
I hate leaving the house when my son wants to play w/ me, but it's awesome getting to see him wave goodbye. Makes me excited to come back.
Calorie free bucket of extra crispy thighs. RT I'm going to KFC, does anybody want anything?
It's morning and Friday. Beautiful combination.
Shower time
The awkward when you already said "moment" in your mind before you read this.
I love watching u on da show u are the best
lol. The show. It's just hilarious. It tickles my ribs
well thanks man. Cuz I sure as hell didn't know what I was doing
Boom! 30 min left! “: As of 10pm, we're at $6.9 million with over 34,000 individual gifts made! Can we hit $7 million???”
Thanks Richard!
SPRING BREAK! Let's get it started.
I'm on the phone wiffff you:* oddeee hungryy
Air Force-Army will be on CBS Sports Network.
"Unconditional love" That's what I got for you. <3
Wow that would have a been a disaster.. Wouldve wasted $600.. Im turning into a hopeless romantic
#dhtrial so seems that's all folks... for today anyway...no verdict ywet
I'll be there with orange bells on :) probably arriving Friday
More costumes on stage than are in our storage.
You played me like a fiddle... Well done sir
excited about the NFL draft!!!!!!!!!!
right so what we gonna do on tuesday?
On 99.1 The Mix all afternoon!
Are you going to hand out the remaining Thin Mints to the public? If yes, feel free to trike up here!
i got that snapbacks and tattoos song stuck in my headd noww lol
Traveling today on a personal trip. :-) everyone has been very friendly so far!
God morning pretty lady. :-)
"Set goals in order to reach them! Believe that those goals are within reach!
One of my favorite books is Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte.
MT how dedicated are our reporters? It's 's bday and he got tear gassed!
Well if it makes you feel any better know that praying for you so that you'll be happy once things change
I'm feeling like a million bucks
u just made me feel special
ok. DM me your email and I'll send you something in the next couple of days.
All my dogs do is sleep. What a life.
I send inappropriate texts to everyone.
RT : First tsunami from Chile earthquake quake strikes Japanese coast; initial waves small - Associated Press
Right back at cha...
I think that talking out the side of ya neck was the one I couldn't remember. I didn't think that's what it was really called
now that would be a miracle...
Lady Gaga is so weird!!!...hahaha
Thank you so much for stopping by this morning!
is the most ancient story in western history. The seed to so many. You're bound to be drawn :p
are elegantly inlaid in the Unique Titanium Rings
happy birthday bleak!
i'm so honored <3
Klein and i am closing down walker fitness center
#WordPress #Tools Comment Twitter SMS Notification – Notifies you of new comments via SMS through Twitter.
This is becoming my favorite sports story of 2012 RT : Rizzo on Hamels: "It was a gutless chicken shit fucking act." So great.
YES B's for everyone!!!!
your #FF prefaces = the best. I am left equal parts confused + flattered
I hate follow limits!
Awesome best actor The Artist
There's nothing like the sound of new strings!
So there was a random car on fire on my block....
No.....and do not intend to watch any NBA...
Done and done
yepp. still know all the lyrics to 's music. :) will be singing along at tonight!!
I miss you guys. Can you come back? Your replacements, the fans, are not charming in any way.
Ignorance, conceit, anger, jealousy - and greed stem from a lost soul
Already put Adobe Max 2012 on my calendar. The countdown begins.....
you are a great mom and daughter too. I hope you were celebrated yesterday (and everyday!!)
Remember, small steps add up to leaps and bounds! Always remember that when trying to reach your goals. Patience and persistence= success!!!
you text Austin?
That means so much to me. Thank you roxxy
RIP Chuck Brown - Go-Go Godfather groove on, wherever you are
Vandy is so advanced with pedagogical uses of technology and yet offers no online classes. Is there a reason? just curious
np! why you see lots of tweets start with .@
This morning student concept work presentations on 15 central themes for studying new social problems. I'm doing "lay and expert knowledge".
Thanks for da love! The #marketini logo was a fun project! Can't wait until the partay!
Wind chills near zero...school delays too...kids may get an extended holiday...and how much snow could we get? Join us beginning at 5am!!
merry Christmas to you to my dear:p
Omg i love those!:) my favorite is the caramel!:)
AW. Are you enjoying the lack of societal pressure to eat turkey? Or perhaps missing the lack of societal pressure to eat pie?
lol rubber tongs. U were rollin reporting that story. Good 1
I AM!
It's ok everyone - Paul Maholm is one of the game's top starters and the Cubs are a potent lineup with Reed Johnson and Ian Stewart
NEVER expect you should be handed anything without putting in hard work or effort..you will fail, definitely.
I would love you the most if you started listing distribution channels on content pages
really ? so its no coincidence i tweeted this then ;) . . It`s true though .
I love how all my school buddies have Twitters.<U+2665>
thanks for the retweet!
And happy birthday to my second oldest sister Jewel (:
Kudos to Maryland legislators for passing same sex marriage bill. Equality!
#christmasshopping with my mama
I'm heading out to 1 Winning Drive. Time to cover some Ravens draft nitty-gritty. What ?'s do you want answered? - Bulldog
damn right.
Beyond tears today as I thank God for keeping my kids safe-- life can change in an instant. Love you and thank God for you daily, Jared.
We have our Italian Ice Social with the Dean today, too. Hooray for dessert socials!
I'm alive but I'm alone
Time to go workout! BEEFCAKE!
I wasn't, but I think I should check it out now that I am.
please #followmefunnymatt you are amazingly funny
Mad at my hair tho.... Y do u look like this...lastnite u were fabulous...
didn't know that #CalvinTrilling came from Kansas City. Happy birthday, guy! I find your work both amusing and entertaining.
Why am I so depressed??? <U+0001F625>
Are you working on your Summer line? Let us know when you're ready!
you better dude!! or i mean are you hanging with melissa as planned? :O
Eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow you die.
So I think I'm going to be a vegiterian again. Last night I saw a turkey truck and it made me so sad.
America isn't producing enough college graduates, and businesses are an important part of the solution
I hated him the day he was drafted & threw a hissy fit about only playing for the Lakers. I hate anyone that wants to be a Laker
“: Law forbids eating in a place that is on fire. (Chicago, Illinois)” some of these aren't that dumb...
i miss you too<33
ugh that's a little extreme but not awful, I've paid $300 before.. but I dont have that moolah anymore lol
DANG THAT IS TODAY
A little half time courage - anejo tequila straight up!
If you're not going to ask, they'd better be well. Or if you only serve them med-rare, that better be made clear up front.
Cool! (re: Cornell's heron nest in person) My kid was visiting last weekend, too--entering Cornell this fall.
What is your #resolution this #NewYear? Do share....
#globalcensorshipyale Not to call you guys out, but I'm amused that 2/3 panelists are tweeting during their panel.
clear as day
Thank you to the amazing for speaking to our group today! We'll stay away from writer mistakes for sure now! =D
who trae? & I feel you suh
Thanks a lot for the #FF mention!
Thanks for the follow. I'm really digging the idea of creating a home recording studio in under $1,000. What's your site about?
Just had a pretty good experience talking to 's new Congressional press contact for the first time.
Yuck! I don't think I'll even be able to get the dogs to go for a walk in that!
Friday morning in LA and, wait... what's that in the air...? falling from the sky... oh no... it's drizzle... this is NOT why I left England
- - it looks like #Kurt nailed it in the #NYADAauditions! :) Now let's hope #Rachel does the same :)
she is sweet, thanks one of our 4 legged children How are you??
Jim Caviezel is ridiculous. Jim Caviezel with a beard is MORE RIDICULOUS! haha
Note to self 3 days after surgery listen to doc's rules on lifting and activity. Point made pain please go away.
That is all very awesome news! Can't wait to read.
Stop holding onto what hurts and make room for what feels good.
Foreigners too!
Working on Sunday, it doesn't get any better then that! Does it?
como no lo creo!!!! Palomo no
Watching the season finale of The Bad Girls Club. Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!
I've decided I need fairy lights in my life...indoors or in my garden, this is the question.
merry christmas to you too!!
Tweet from 35,000 feet. Wifi on planes is cool!
If you followed me for UMass lax coverage Wed. night, you should follow birthday boy tonight. He's got coverage of tonight's game.
A nice bday present would Be fir a heated bus to come right now
"She tells me, "You an asshole, superficial douche bag." Wishing that you knew that, you could have these shoes back."
Apologies for the spamming problems on Friday. Figures the account would get hacked while I was in transit.
Haha! I have Michigan losing today against Ohio :)
i hate it when im tired but cant fall asleep!!! <U+E059><U+E421>
RT : When I finish filming, I always sit there and am like 'oh'..I wanna film more! Haha
Cocaine Cowboys while I edit.
Ryan Tannehill is a 3x academic all big 12. Mad respect.
My wife just warned me not to get too skinny and that I should "bulk up" a bit. Hm....Guess I'll be hitting the gym!
may I recommend a designated social media person 4every conference? I'm so disappointed that the #MarriageAmerica was a tweet bust
I'm smart, I'm athletic, I'm a total sweetheart, I can cook a mean dinner, and I have nice rack? What more do you want from me.
Thanks for sharing the article on heroic leaders!
Actually having a birthday party this year. Rock on.
Some people put walls up, not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to knock them down
me too ;D
I hate public transit / how expensive cabs are. Need to hop on that bike soon.
Since when did "staying in touch" mean liking Facebook statuses?
Oh the things you tell me..
how long you ben working there ?
Here-here. If I see a line, I keep moving. #Belly is allergic to velvet ropes. RT Yeah if there is a LINE I pass
About to go on air at 107.5 with about the Detroit video!!
Legal/criminal experts are doubtful, based on known evidence, that millionaire's girlfriend killed herself in Coronado mansion
Can't believe my week is almost (finally) over!
I did I did I did! awesome. miss it so much. haha
I'll wear Orange on Friday may also Saturday unless Bushmills is drank.
will you all have the Duke-UNC game Wed night? Planning a buddy's birthday.
that's how I remember the rule when I played, but that has been 10 years now.
who is eric patterson? The mets may want to sign him after the tigers cut him.
Very good to know, RT You have 8 seconds to make a first impression on a webpage and 15sec for an email
did you watch the shawt bus shawty video yet?
Fucking FUCK my phone screen cracked.
We'd love to open for the mighty Pants some night though. When I get some rough cuts of our work, I'll send them your way.
ewwww! He is a clown. And I can beat him up basically
thanks, we're psyched to do some great stuff with them.
The Land of #Israel— is the only land to which #Jews are historically bound from our origin as a people!!
Why do I have more followers than my band? Cmon guys! Follow
People act like they get <U+0001F48D> when the team wins...y'all not full time staff, employee, player, coach etc...calm down.
muh fuggas fucked up my music day, im al outta sorts now. damn wow. one call thats all huh david gruber? one call to fuck shit up
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
Dine #alfresco & enjoy the gorgeous weather on our outdoor patio! Get classics like Roasted Chicken Vesuvio w/ parmesan crusted red potatoes
Only reason I'm coming to spanish this week is for the free food
STARTING TODAY the X Class at 4:30pm in conjunction with the 5pm class....and the name is....EVEREST WITH OXYGEN. We dare you.
Look at my background :3
And every cowboy sings a sad sad song
had to holler at non stop to catch the Joumana Kayrouz Dexter bus
RT : Hipster neighbors are playing foursquare in our back patio area. Not checking in, the actual old school game.
show me
Normal class schedule today.
How many grandmothers does Mitt Dinner have? Hint, 5.
Knock KnockWho's there !Benjamin !Benjamin who ?Benjamin the blues !
DON'T CALL ME THATTT5gayabsbsisjb
Slowly working my way out of this rabbit hole
depends on who you talk to about Chicago, some people are constantly angry-particularly the guy you quote.
could be a bluff move... I'd guess DEN blinks first.
Auburn sweatshirt on the Santiago metro today! Pretty sure he randomly bought it at a market, but still
Aqueduct Racetrack train stop looking bleak against Friday night at Heritage Casino
I think you better stick with the kids in the pool. This one doesn't have legs.
Like why would ask me that???.
click on where it says get code then go to your tumblr and click customize theme then go to 'edit HTML'
Ugh . okay thats how it is Nigaaaaaaaa ! i see how it is now . ohkay i was gonna ask my mama to atleast try to fix fb but no
hahahahha I was honestly wondering what the fuck you were talking about for a second haha
“Above all, be true to yourself, and if you cannot put your heart in it, take yourself out of it.” - Unknown
BrianEZimmermanCom's webcam video January 17, 2011, 08:19 AM - BrianEZimmermanCom's webcam video J.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Wen you're tracher tells the class he use to be a pothead and start talking about all them Drugs o.o LOL
I like these guys who have drawn Finnish flags on their jumpsuits.
We all made it to Normal Illinois safe and give thanks, Heartland Community College here we come!
I saw that too!
Check out the video I posted of the gallery and some glass melting.
Well uhh yeah
this rumor might become a fact very soon! thank you
I want you back....lol jk I got better
Leadership is knowing that if you wait until you are perfect before you help others get better… you never will.
Hi Stephenie, I was wondering if I could film you tonight for a short clip in a video I am making for PRSSASDSU?
Bryce Harper just stole home, what a beast!
it's not tied anymore 4-3 kings lead
Well, in your case I have to confer with my colleague about scheduling. You are not forgotten.
Hey! When will your video be uploaded?
I love my mom so much. She is always there. She does everything. Thank you mom.
I just picked him up. I've got enough offense, not too worried.
TV programming has sunken so low that there's TWO shows now about catching catfish with your hands PLEASE PRODUCE MORE SHOWS
funny, I just started wearing one again too. I still find myself peeking at my phone for the time though
love this!
Hollywood at the Oscars, a perfect time for a fashion moment! Cannot wait!!
#schoolmemories I once gave a boy a hand job in the library of my high school! HA!!! those were the days!!
I'm like, a painting that's watercolor - I sit pale on a canvas.
Hey #SmallFryArmy! How was everyone's day! Tweet me! xoxo
A bit of a change from their SNL appearance no back up singers tonight. Opened with two older tunes
Sorry. Watching Mildred Pierce. Lots of chapeaus here that look like gash. I'm not altogether opposed.
its ok it happens to me all the time. Atleast your doing a ustream
It's about took the field! Making #sportingkc proud!
3 martini lunch at It's a good friday. :)
Yah! It's taken me all morning though to look through it and build a simple email! Haha. Are you on gchat? Chat with me!
I am a Fairy Gay Mother!!!
Takes a fool to lose twice.
Sorry Jenny, I can't imagine
and in the morning and when were switching classes . ! (:
Have a great time!! Enjoy the show and thanks again for using ShowClix :)
yea that happen
you too!
If u can't handle her in sweatpants,then you definitely don't deservee her in a wedding dress. #Drakee <3
so your coming?
Can you bring me DayQuil. James got me sick! See you tonight
ur Way to fake
RT Thank you social media for fueling my narcissism and then profiting off of it.
#hungergames I may have gotten a silver balloon
stupid white chick in a movie slipping on water while the monster is chasing her o.0!
To the queen city, I hope you're ready for a Paulson!
LOL, good. I didn't mean it the wrong way! I meant you went from place to place today ;-)
Did I hear the #Portal 2 Ending Theme in one of your show endings? =D
Wordpress.com is free and easy to use. A great blog for students to gain experience with.
Summer reminds me of my childhood; when ice-cream was my beer.
RT : RT : love your energy #SCIP2012 analytic fitness, do you have it?
Stay up to the minute: Pekela Riley is on twitter...
I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart. cummings, e e
Final Q: wear sunscreen
Re: that last re-tweet, "Stop Obsessing Over Stats, Specs, and Upgrades" is helpful advice for any kind of purchase, not just gadgets.
I just scored 7,730 in Dog The Bounty Hunter Video Quiz!
Hanging #8 and seeing your profile pics make this an incredible week!
FOLLOWERS.. Will u please LIKE us on FB? www.Facebook.com/MindMystifyingDesigns We got some GREAT #deals #contests and more :) (PLS RT)
I will not look in every burial urn... I will not look in every burial urn.... # skyrim
i cant believe will is still following this account T_T :P
#OneDay, we'll all shine, turn Earth n2 a SuperNova, swallow up the sun!! <3
HES NOT PLAYING NOW IT FIGURES THE LINE MOVEMENT! I ALREADY HAVE THEM
It was awesome. Small, but awesome. Close to McPherson. And bedbuggy.
you know what to do, no second chance for her pick it up!!!!!
Don't get me wrong, now...private group tweets sounds awesome! Thanks for sharing ^_^
close ;-) At first, it just looks like I've moved, but there's one item that adds a whole new dimension.
Everybody been askin 4 the new O.NE...lol #Im3StepsAheadAlready it is #Almost23 Time #TeamS7 Lets get it!
Gracias senor! Technically credit for that goes to Alliance Web Marketing :) I created the new Twitter background though!
Whoa. Anthony Davis with the underbite fangs.
Hope you had a great Easter!
One thing I have loved about today is people from other countries are here remembering this day with us! Thank you guys! RIP 9/11 Victims<3
ay don't u got burger king on your base ? Lol
im so proud of me
is looking for a Sr. Tax Accountant - EXCELLENT GROWTH OPPORTUNITY!! Pays 50-55K. Email your resume to **
who u nigga?!
Brownlee says healthcare is like fishing industry. Everyone looking for personal gain at peril of the system - tragedy of the commons
Sad Diavolina closed, bought my wedding shoes there back in the day, but now Madison is twice as big...
Kris Allen. So much better than his first album! :)
If you come to the Orlando Warped to see my friend I will personally buy you a snow cone.
Indeed. Such is capitalism.
Agreed! RT : Have a great weekend friends! In the U.S. we're celebrating #MLK Day - What an inspiration and hero!
Playing tonight with Pistol Pete in Rockford. Tomorrow at Buddy Guy's for the Windy City Blues competition!
SHE took the leap and BUILT her wings on the way down---- CELEBRATE her DARING! #WALKTOTHEEDGE/LIFE'SGREATESTRISKISNOTTAKINGONE ;-)
FIU play for the Sun Belt Conference title this Sat at 3:30pm. Mario could take them from an 0-12 season to SBC Champs in 4 years. Awesome.
You need to overcome your zombie fear and join us.
Please don't be in love with someone else, please don't have somebody waiting on you..
I was (am) so happy for you. Well deserved!
thanks Dawn!!! I hope I get to see ya soon!!! We need to get this dinner planned :)
Looking forward to #ragancisco #socialmedia conference!
Guys are like dogs. They keep coming back. Ladies are like cats. Yell at a cat one time…they’re gone.
Read on on five things to know about Royal Jelly Burlesque Nightclub at Revel! The lounge with gaming is open daily to public. The...
starting insanity today <U+0001F609> #lettttsssgoooo lol your boo Shaun T
"If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results. " author unknown...
In better news, suck it nerds, don't have to sit in a middle seat on my flight tomorrow :D
I WOULD FUCKING LOVE TO :) MORE THAN THIS...NIALLARS PART XJSHBJDKSHDBSIDIBDF
Little cat Z in "The Cat In The Hat Comes Back" represents the God Particle
Scary as hell and invigorating too
Wishing everyone a very Happy Easter from your friends at Purple Cafe, Lot No. 3, and Barrio...
Why, when you have so much stuff to do, does time go by that much more quickly?
"Americans consume now three times the information they did in 1960" - More information outlets, yes; but more spare time to read as well?
Happy Martin Luther King Day!!
Groupon's _best_ customers recommend Groupon to all their friends. Maybe you do?
Just heard John Leutner give the best presentation i have ever heard on learning org transformation; I am blown away!
if this isn't a joke we should talk.
Just got home, people just left...tryna see what plans I got
Hope is a waking dream. Aristotle
Broncos just scored yahhh come in for the Game Special $35 an 8th All Top Shelf Strains
#hiring #poultry #ohio production manager email #resume to for more info
POLL: Jim Jarmusch films. Love 'em? Don't like 'em? Indifferent? Tim and Matt here are of differing opinions. What do you think of the guy?
Yep. The horror. The horror.
Clint Eastwood in a western on AMC. He should be happy in the film cause he doesn't have to tell anyone to get off his lawn...
Fantastic! RT I'm in RT Who's coming to Richmond for Installation of the VA Eta Chapter of #PhiKappaPsi? 4.21.12
Thanks for the mention! (Sorry for the delayed response.)
Yup. RT : Tom Brady singlehandedly ruined the NFL. All these fucking dumb penalties and rules of the last 10 years are his fault
BLOWIN LOUD IN DA BENZ GET IT IN....BOSS YA LIFE UP
Start getting your group together for Mile Run Days in May
drum set in the living room? not sure this is going to work? oh, okay just put it next to the marimba
Man I swear I never sleep comfortable. I wake up with back pains
Money changes everything
Someone used the word "Higher" to describe COS and threw in there our MMJ spots just for kicks... kinda funny.
yinz are just haters. Annnnnndd did I get a invite to 5 dollar movie night? No!
lmao let's (:
The things you do when no one is looking, are the things that define you
gotcha I will let you know when there coming
President & CEO of VI, Dr. Armando Guavara will be speaking at the XVII Costa Rica ESRI Conference and VI will host a booth. See you There!
10 hours! But I'm on spring break and really want to go!!
I think he goes somewhere from 10-12 but honestly it could be any of those three; don't think he falls below 12
Dude, I'm Ra's al Ghul.
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step" - Lao Tzu
what do you really want to do before you die?
Does he HATE me ? :(
Are you sure?
The Sookie Stackhouse books are so fun! I'm jealous of your morning
We now have a Facebook page :) Stay tuned for the new and improved MRB Consultancy website.
lol I'm just being honest *andre 3000 voice*
Ok man let me know if more people want some and ill get a bunch of them for you!
Anyone? MT : My friends mom has stage 4 brain cancer & no insurance. looking for items to auction off. raise $$. Please help
Great suggestions. Tough courses. We'll pass those along to our deals team - I know they've talked to all of those.
Thank you for the mention!
I'll be in the gym in 7 hours with Jon to help him cut weight for his Pro Boxing debut
needed to do some meetings tuesday & Wed in NYC...can I crash??
Is it possible to get high off of soda??
that's funny
No one but u baby can make me feel the way u make me feel!
RT - If the Jacksonville jaguars are known as the jags and the tampa buccaneers are the bucs what are the Tennessee titans?
My advice to the Governor: You can't go wrong ordering the Vanilla Coke during Happy Hour.
ok, thanks
It's usually a good idea not to let ur flow get interrupted. But sometimes the universe has other plans for ur creativity. Be open to them.
The Incredible Chulk!! What, too soon?
It's hard to believe he beat out a million other sperm.
BREAKING Colo. House committee advances civil unions bill, overcoming biggest obstacle to becoming law.
brilliant. Now, you're thinking. I think it's a cause with $1, so $999,999 left to go.
yeah bro. Let's go get some soon. They are delicious. I am craving one.
I could sit on twitter and watch the game show network literally all day. so i think that's exactly what im going to do
QoTD: "Life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up." (Unknown)
Been addicted to my new phone: the HTC inspire with the Android OS.
mayhemfest was amazing <3 i took a picture with matt heafy ! <3 im exhausted * yawns *
hehehehe(: i'm on my way now! We're gettng a picture today because i'm sad I was left out on friday!!
Happy Mother's Day! And to all you dad's (MF's), multiply the fun in the morning. They've earned it.
Jamba training class day
4 Aces Invites you to our Happy Hour today from 3 to 7, with music by DJ Cruz!
OKC lost man..I thought they was gonna win
yes dad, im still listening to christmas music in may. why? just ask justin bieber.
I like RT's I like RT's I like RT's I like RT's!
Was disappointed to see , noteworthy man, sink to petty rhetoric. Hate? Come on, Bob. Debate issues on merit.
well good for you:)
It's big enough to display a book page & faster than clicking back & forth between Acrobat & ID when correcting.
About to board, late with tight connection. What is the difference between a passenger & a jet? The latter stops whining. :-)
Looks nice.
What. The. Fuck. Was. That.
I totally don't buy this 'it's going to snow on abq tonight!' hype.
Rethinking my options
u still pretty I see lol
My co-worker spoke to BLS this morning.
what r they saying to u....?
i know! i would rather carry my own than deal with that, lol!
thanx boo all love :-) thanks for coming
At Quest Software Partner Circle
Yup, first ever, eek! I'm both nervous and excited. Hopefully I'll have enough energy. I'm not a morning person!
I guess. I'd rather just attach something like a Boxee or Apple TV or Xbox with Kinect and use those. More upgradeable.
have you heard?! jane is on pinterest! follow our boards to see what is new and what inspires us!! xo
YESTERDAY I SAID I <3 YU....TODAY IM SAYING I WISH I NEVER MET YU....
I love falling down the stairs backwards.
Looks like filmmakers from around the globe will be descending upon Santana Row this October, you should join us too www.sjsff.com
for several thousand dollars you can buy an AGA stove. It is always on and ready to cook!
Easy DVD Creator 2 Get for Free include serial download - blank dvds 8 5gb
We are excited to be joining the community!
#thegridlive Great critiques!
Going to go play cash now. Back home in a few hours. Thanks to all my backers. So sorry I could not do a better job
The government appears to have escaped a rebellion by the medical establishment over its controversial NHS reforms in England.
I keep hoping our state will smarten up. And not have another person say f*ck Obama to me while I'm in my car
can't wait to hear all about it
So peaceful!
Second: Prayers for my grandpa today. He's have a pacemaker put in.
Our collections should be a mirror of our community AND a window to the world.
So tired gotta finish my project text me.
It's pretty cool. I like all the pictures and stuff. As for you following me now? Thrilled! Super great.
Looking forward to #AAAL2012 in Boston from tomorrow. We will be there with lots of wonderful books.
thanks for viewing it:))
followers are organic. Post good content and they will follow.
Just left the 2 Johns busking in Marvin Gardens Park, standup bass and harmonica.
Let us know what no-name Packers play in the game.
Thanks for the follow. Your galleries look very exciting!
If You Choose To Fight A Nigga At The Party Over ASS And FEMALES You Trippin !!
Why do I still care about you, when you don't even think of me anymore.
Anybody out there doing a bit of CPI advertising? Have got a few questions for ya...
how the hell am I supposed to take a TEAM TEST alone.
I need to get down to Texas and hit the Mud Pit. with Pay Checks!
Hopefully it does something .
Happy #Wrestlemania day all. Plan on being in the live blog tonight
Everyone Wants To Give Me A “Free” i-Phone…Petroleum Companies Should Give Away Free Buicks…
Someday, hopefully. RT : no more cancer??? Hooray! Oh wait. You meant the site. Sigh.
Don't let loneliness drive you back into the arms of someone you know you don't belong with. RT ----> so true!
First pitch at Busch Stadium today for the Cardinals game. Stoked.
Alright 10,000 followers in 9 days will rough, I have still have faith for to get em. Least get her 1,000!!!
thank you!
check out our blog at www.LuxeEssentials.blogspot.com
haha good!! yesterday we had a game and I dont know how many times people were running on first & kept hittin me in my back
- Does anyone know the results of the B sample?
I'm about to fucking flip out!
Before you judge me, keep in mind that you have no fucking clue who I am and what I'm going through.
#yogotti #flexing hard this evening at the gym le go my eggo
Good morning!
i wish cranberries were coming to texas!!!!
so true
Eddie Schmidt 48: Running the Manitou Incline in 26 minutes. "After my third 8 minute session, once a week I'm @ 25 min. www.quickgymcs.com
This is trueRT : Nice! Probably a lot! Too bad it doesn't count how heavy your camera is...
- "It's what you learn after you know it all that counts." - John Wooden
there is a sporting event tonight?
This bitch x her momma pissing me the fuck off forreal
is listening to some Angus & Julia Stone and relaxing.
I hope they're photos of my buddy Puddles. Can't wait. :)
2 months b4 my new song comes out on hope a celebety loke c it
who asked u that? Lol
I gave a homeless guy a ten that split in half, saying, "I don't know what to do with this..." to which he replied, "I do..."
Couch, Dinner, PJ's and the
Definitely. There are a few other older b-boy documentaries and some other new ones coming out. Check them out if you can!
Thanks! Yeah, just wanted to get the word out about that band more than anything!
I Have To Ask You Something Dm Me!
All i ate was ONE bean & cheese taco, & I'm already full? Why have i been getting full so fast lately? :o
I might as well get my hair done its a beautiful day for it. :-)
Wondering how accomplished the women of the feel to see their names appear on the big screen for first time.
love your twitcon that's my lock screen!<U+0001F49C><U+0001F60F>
At pretend city doing a stone soup lesson for the kids!
"Disgruntled customers tell an average of 11 other people about their bad experience with a company."
gutsy profile pic.. The real rainn.
It's a hockey night in Pittsburgh!
": If you think you are too old to rock 'n roll then you are - Lemmy #Music"
I did 13 days young it is B-)
Thank you for following!
They made me put pants on :c.
Mini rose plants were $17+ at #Lowes in Bluefield & $7 at #WalMart, Kimball #WV. It's the same company. Am I missing something?
Raise a little hell.
get in my pants
Snap yo fingas, do ya step. You can do it all by yo' self, let me see ya do it.
Tim duncan scored 4 points I remember him David twin towers they were bAdd.
The next nigga will degrade you but me ill upgrade you
this is the big one...I mean they have extended it for over a year now. #newplay and its not going down.
Me: Can you grow please? Hair: NO. Boobs: NO. Stomach: Okay!
everyone has a weakness.. you just happen to be mine.
The hunger games rocked and also wrote a good in with Cathy Majeski and Doc Holladay!
"Well, I made a few shots tonight, time to start jacking it up like a giant dbag." -Mo Williams,
California here I come!
I think I am addicted to sushi... I want to buy myself a new purse... Anyone wanna come over and play video games?
Democrats submitted 900,939 valid signatures to recall Gov. Walker, but 685,356 showed up to vote for a Dem candidate Tuesday.
Thank you! Will do. Glad there's a season three coming.
I only got into it because my gf said if I didn't help her with her farm she would hurt me. :D
Do I ever tweet out "OMG LOOK AT MY BLOG EVERYONE!!!!!"??????
Hoping the flat tire is really patched.
congrats to Jimmy Patsos on win No. 100 with
: Fear is a way we sabotage our dreams because we often forget that we are capable of achieving whatever we want, of doing whatever we want.
I've been neglecting twitter a bit as I find my footing in a new routine. Catching up this morning and remembering I've missed y'all.
Glad NPR just gave a nod during their piece on ukuleles. Ukulele power ftw!
He's tremendous. RT I hear and I think early 1990s Springfield Indians. Great play-by-play.
Have you seen The Firm on NBC? Wow, Good TV!
I have my copy of Life by Keith Richards in my hot little hands! First chapters look great. My evening is booked! Keef!
Yes ma'am!
Shows you how much i ever watched the Hawks.lol
been drinkin a little bit
#Android users got it last week, now it's #iPhone users time! The new update is here to make your #Bartab experience even better! DL it now!
That was a beautiful pass and play
Why is there a ForEach extension for List<T> but not for IList<T>? Have I complained about this before?
I just played that in Words with Friends!
ITA. It's hard tho- kids have been in PS their whole lives. Feels like we are 'deprogramming' in a way.
Thanks for recommending Camtasia. :)
cool, glad they went to a good home! Sorry about the game. Was nice to see you yesterday!
You have till 2 p.m. TODAY to RT and be entered in a drawing for tix on 4/23...you'll also be entered for the 4/25 game!
So tired of Kelly Clarkson's "don't need a man" schtik!
Living at the
I dunno. But hey here's the #. 571-213-6650. Hit me up!
My sisters are my hearts and brothers
Fall seven times, stand up eight. - Proverb
Whos Starting An Album!?
Who's theme song is that!ted dibiasie how ever u spell his fuckin name
Smart artists connect w/fans, give them reason to buy. They dont need "protection." The unadaptable deserve of nothing.
hahah I love it :)
Nope, not just you. RT : is it just me or r people not using the conf. conn. like they have in the past?
When people just SPAM SPAM AND SPAM <<<<<<<<
a rut
wow! That was actually the first song I was taught to play on guitar!! (: oh memories..
"This is the death of the mind." -- critic Harold Bloom in 2011, on the increasing number of Yale graduates flocking to business careers.
Okay we got your point the first time! You don't need to keep preaching it? Especially when your doing the same thing
If you get your money tree to bloom, let me know....I'm such a sucker!
My computer's motherboard is dead. Sending it back to be fixed. Without computer for a while. Boo hoo. Sneaking peek at work. badme!!
Thanks for the follow!
Let me guess...you saw Inception. '-^
Congratulations to Jess for becoming the world's first rapping hobbit. Love you :)
Soccer hooligans- beers of England tasting tonight in the bar from 5-7 for $25 with passed appetizers!
Making faux beef burgundy with
I'm not much of a book history person except happily by proximity, but am really taken with Suarez's advocacy of bibliographic literacy.
UGH I hate pants
What is on my mind right now? Love, falling in love, making love ,unconditional love, and eternal love.
Come and party with the kids
Yeah, I call it how I see ya I wish I never met ya, i wouldn’t wanna be ya <3 lil wayne
job. I work at the St. Louis Science Center. It's fabulous....a bit like Mke. How did u end up back in kc? Ur from MO?
Big thanks to Boneyard, Tao, & Anonymous Willpower for being on The Shakedown tonight! Support Rochester Music!
it is now!
we'll thumb wrestle over this. Shits getting real
#nowplaying your call-Secondhand Serenade
Fwd:Msg: Pass the heart <3 to everyone who had ever made yu laugh, love, smile or has been there for yu. Hope i get one back!
I am going to have good day!
Flying by myself for the first time... So scary hahaha #prayforme <U+0001F633><U+2708>
Thanks for the blog post on your literary and TV interests.
I'm watching the fight right, and you pop out behind mayweather ! :D # amazing moment ;D
Prediction: in next 5 years 50% of articles will be published OA. Look for forthcoming article in ACRL journal.
Yesterday, first yoga class since moving back to CA - definitely feeling it today!
Chicago I love my radio..stay got me rockn bak n fort
#RejectedPickupLines Do Your Feet hurt Cuz U Been Runnin Through My Mind all day Long
English, but only if you get them little riding boots. No hats. Koalas hate hats.
Brett Favre is back!
2day Is Gonna Be Very Long But Rewarding, Tonite I Got The Show At Steel Toast On The Beach Ladies In Free All Nite!!! Lata -Breeze DTA-
where are more? I was at these shows and didn't take a single photo!
I just realized that I have a lot of math homework I didn't know I had. Dammit.
lmao ima just get a trim!
You smile then you cry, You live and then you die,
I hear the WUBWUBWUBs and see her dancing in my sleep, man.
Cadbury Mini Eggs are so next levs
At Darrell's, had a great time playing our set. QMP is tearing it up right now, High is up next. Very fun show!
<U+FFFD> In terms of the formation of long-term relationships, it's far better to get false negatives than false positives.<U+FFFD> Eric Pepke
The page that shows tweets from everyone you follow, the timeline er whatever you wanna call it xP
tired slept less than three hours last night. On the bus. Haha. What about you?
The first day of spring actually feels like spring
": Waking up to eat breakfast then going back to sleep on a full stomach, not healthy but it's an awesome feeling >"
Thanks for the mention!
Please tweet me<3 i love you ariana <33333333333
hoping the US doesnt follow suit ....
Peach Croc ! I'm Gone Shots out to my FAM CUZ I SEE YA !
I have such a skinny body wuttt
Beer:30 tonight (4:30P). Bring something to share and stay for a movie.
note to self: email The Vogue tonight!
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!!!
If you tweet 100 times in an hour or 1,000 times in a day you get jailed
What April Fool's Day pranks did you pull today?
having a great day! Thanks for the b-day wishes ;-)
DING! DING! DING! DING!
HaHaHa!!! Good luck and can't wait!!!:)
I love U and John! Happy New Year! NERDFIGHTERIA!
YES! Been one of the biggest requests today. Listen for it during the 5 spot and thanks for tuning in, Lauren!!!!
And I'm the one that's changed. You sat in the car for 30 minutes. And didn't say a word to me.
You cannot beat a roulette table unless you steal money from it. ~ Albert Einstein
How are you? You going to see Kimberly Gordon tonight? I might need to get some "air" and get up there for a set or two.
Your in the diver seat and God is Google maps!
To keep someone around you is not love; love is to let the one you love go freely.
What would you get if you crossed a monster with the god of love? A stupid Cupid!
you should talk to tony clement and scott brison. Tell em what to do
I replied.
two words "car bomb"
This is true, sort of... most everyone who would have noticed this on facebook will still see this here haha
think thats you :)
you're goin ham in that. Where do I sign up to be in your next sexy video? No but seriously.
RT : this nigga got and Future on his song!!!! All on the same song!!!
thank you for supporting the cause.
(4) has a spouse, parent, or child who would suffer exceptional and extremely unusual hardship if the person is deported.
12.8. 11 marks the day we tweet positively about the families with dreams the children with talent & the ppl who believe in hope
Thank you, Kellie. Happy Friday
facebook sucks. I'm ready for some Orkut. and ¡Viva Chile!
When "working" on weekends, the only work I get done is when I'm taking a break from taking a break, like now, if tweeting counts as work.
Very soon, Taylor! We'll keep you and our followers in the loop. Thanks for asking. We're very excited!
ask him if that thing on his neck is a tumor!
Everything is annoying right now.
I will master something, then the creativity will come. Japanese Proverb
RT : Just saw Ben Franklin at the McPherson metro station. He looks good for his age.
I always love the looks on people's faces with I mention Twitter usage or FB post %'s...like they saw a ghost.
Anyone elses #terrier have absolutely no interest in squirrels or birds on or off leash? #justmine?
Massive headache this morning, wow
Where Dem
okay ill talk to you more on the bus??
Thanks Kate!
« Focus on the positive...»
It's been rumored that Skiles wanted a buyout, but didn't get enough money from Kohl. Supposedly cleared his desk.
That is not as unique to New York as you might think. :(
pretty much looks like my labtop is broken... ugh hml :(
Don't you dare say I'm not going to do anything with my life. I guarantee I'm going to do more than you. I just don't know where to start
I try to get students engaged and to take ownership in their own learning
They are elected to lead not read.
ZAK! Downtown show at u of Mich tonight!
I try to make it through my life.. in my way there's you
And let me just say the tittle "Big Rich Texas" does NOT justly describe the essence that is...this show
haha If I did that id get beat up
“: unforgivable.” who's cologne is that?
That's #truth. Thanks for posting:)
y'all might call it the granddaddy because it pulls slow
yes! it's been two weeks since i've been over there. far too long for the promximity.
2 fire drills in one day??? Uve got to be joking
#SaySomething is the BEST SONG EVER!! omg, where you trying to kill me!? I'm proud of you<333
“: just dropped a classic over one of my beats.” Thanks bro
Localist hits the Ivy League. Cornell University! We're pumped. Coming in early January.
RT : Throw beat him by a mile. Almost always decides it....
2011-2012 concert series brochure looks great! They should arrive next week! press check at
Does anyone know how to cite a reprinted manuscript in APA? ie. John Dewey reprint in 1966 original print in 1916...Democracy in Education.
I was singing in class! FUN! ;D
Haha college and the people who attend..fml
Free cover to any lady wearing those on Thursday (proof needed)
.+~!|+ THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Oh, very pretty!
Is that a promise of a live tweet? ;-)
Boy, I am sucking at the Heisig method. At 1047 kanji I average about a 67% retention rate. *shakes head*
Royal Rumble Moments tapings Send all your favorites to to get shout outs on the show
I would love to be in place at !!!<U+2665> Really
I just audibly swore at a Words with Friends game. Maybe it's time to go to bed.
It's dat badd I'm bored in dha nurse office
Get ready for a trade up packer fans. I can feel it.
I can't sleep!!!! That's what I get for napping...
When girls text you first >>>>><
That moment when you realize you're little sister who's in 5th grade has more of a life than you do.
there is the right girl to live in?
Hi LaTara, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
ah so jealous!! have fun!! :D tell the boys I say hi and I love them if you can! <3 :D
These grades tho....Next semester I HAVE to do better...
I've heard of the figurative "pounding the table" many times and today I experienced it in the literal sense. No substitute for passion!
It's Special Format Friday! Tonight's 10pm format: Red Rover! All the joy (and pain) of the classic schoolyard game, now improvised.
Portland medical examiner releases name of Monday's shooting victim as Jack Dale Collins, 58.
I just have to tell the world... Our staff is pretty wonderful.
If Leslie takes this job in Houston, I think I'll legally be able to purchase machine guns and bazookas.
Thank you for checking in with us on foursquare - what dish did you most enjoy this evening?
I Hate Ppl Who Think Dey Can Run Me
I wish to be a fat woman on the Mad Men.
In a post-rock state of mind.
#Modeling is exhausting! Hv U tried sucking it in,sticking it out,trying to keep straight, #ThinkThin & #sexy all at once?
TMZ is never around when you need them!
"Look at me I'm so mature! I'm doing laundry!" - my older brother
What a coincidence that #espn has the marlins game tommorow
don't disrespect the gays son. I'm one and cheered for you. Cal screwed the Tigers and Memphis. Hope his ass loses. Karma
I cleaned my room, and now I can't find anything.
ESP. The uber rich party with ur buddy from Libys. You deserve each other.
thanks for the tweets and example. I'll keep this in mind.
I feel like a mother..rubbing her stomach
I wish when my workd day was over it was completely over but nope I have an hour drive home before I can truely relax :(
Dang! When did it get so late?
you two are a great team. Keep up the great work!
Please share this with your friends & family. You can massage your pets clean w/o having to give them a bath. Anytime or any place, everyday
Listening to the voice of reason... kinda. This is a new experience. I need a training guide.
stopping suburban sprawl
Watch your VOICE REVREN!!!!!!
RT : on the way back yesßss
RT : 1-11-1865: Gen. Robert E. Lee recommends granting immediate freedom to African Americans who enlist in the...
i have been going to shows for longer than I would like to admit. my favorite hip hop act not named public enemy
well I'm not Irish so they don't mean as much to me but yes I saw them and they are pretty sick
that looks difficult and slippery. Gotta start doing more pull ups.
I love coming to champaign with Elly!
Good Night Tweeters!! (:
Ever wonder what it's like to be a film critic? Watch this weekend for a classic Sneak Previews episode 'Going To The Movies With A Critic!'
me & Illa should be able to make it. U wanna come thru to meet up & we'll ride together?
Thanks for the heads up, got your submission request, we'll get you on there once I clean up a few of my other mistakes :)
#NYFA Kickstarter is amazing - we back projects all the time!
Fruit, wings, Caesar salad, souvenir bucket snax, soft pretzel, dogs, brat, burger, fries, desert
Happy new year east coast!
Keep an eye out for the next TRUCKEROO 3 on August 12th! More information coming soon...
Will u marry me Zooey, i wanna make music
Adorn the Wicked - Can't Believe in You @ Arlene's Grocery: via
Possibly a mixture of both! Are you going Dave?
Big congrats to you my friend on your nomination for THE BEAVER . Good luck at the show.
IS "damn" a Curse word??
thanks for the BUZZ!
A tarnished ring on a tarnished chain time keeps changing come sun or rain
I luv criticism. It makes me dance like a butterfly in front of criticz. lol
main problem was w/ defenders & how they basically gave up just before Mick was sacked! Not willing to pay new manager also!
its very yummy! a friend was telling me how to make it & i was coming up with some ideas - its a wine blend with fruit!
I got the juice noww!
Final Callback tonight...I'm prepared to have a blast!!!
decisions dont make the wrong move or get plucked like a piegon
Dear Logan, You are an experiment in insanity, but you still don't hold a candle to the mess that is O'Hare. - Mattw
lmao same here
i love u <3
and then I was nice and you told me to stop!!!
Set up new TV surround sound so I can hear the Dolphins pass on a QB from 10 different angles tonight. Will feel like I'm there. Hell I mean
i love the moments when all of my ideas keep me awake at night and i won't sleep until i write them out
appreciate yourselves
my phone done it yet
That suprised sucked for a majority of us. Fans keep meeting him again and again.
we can always pop tha biggest bottles homie!
hey, I just sent you a DM :)
My pleasure! RT : Thankyou so much for including our Gymkhana wallpaper on your blog today! x
no it shouldn't have. The ground can't cause a fumble.
where ya been slut
final thought Gail, why not do a story on what many advisors did right for their clients in '08-'09?
happy birthday sir
Wondering what people did before there was google???
I have never been so stymied by a bug before. Holy crap.
sweet dreams :)
Note: tweeting "Gort, klaatu barada nikto" is NOT the same as speaking it. Please, you guys, this is kind of important.
I am outraged over the way you disrespected Judge Karen.
Red Hot Chili Peppers are ripping the roof off of the Troubadour!! I am one lucky guy!!! Holy shit!!!!
is a fucking rip-off!
They say time is money, but we'll spend it together.
The Vikings took an offensive lineman at # 4 overall. Why do teams waste high picks on human shields??
TOUCHDOWN BADGERS!
RT : RT : Speech was more of a Clintonesque laundry list than a single, sustained argument or narrative.
S/0 been fucking with the club for years!!
Sloppy seconds for all
I still remember you teaching me that. I would argue that my senior year might have had you beat though haha.
So excited to experience my very dear friend & one of the most special chefs I know, 's, new concept tonight. Love you boo.
My youth is eternal. I age gracefully, in fact I barely look like I age at all.
I'm going to stop following you because your picture scares me.
I can't wait to get the fuck out of this house
class is still on. Remember we're in super speed this semester. But do not risk your health/car to be here...
My little voter guide, humbly offered, for your consideration:
I assume Herman Cain decided to go the other direction?
will you ever notice meh cuz boy I notice you(;
Thanks for the advice! Registering is overwhelming. Like, what are condiment dishes and pasta bowls?!
Get your sweetie a massage. Openings available for Valentines Day!! Gift certificates also available. <U+2665>
It;s between Jessica and Phillip. The finale is next week
Groupon ; evening daily deal begins today. Will only sale 10 per day
Wow! Amazing drive! Are you kidding me?
Who wants a playoff when you have all this. #BCSFakeChampionship Oregon/Wis was a way better game than this. Bring on the playoffs.
Glad to hear it was good - can't wait to see it!
I saw Lesbian Ballerina Fight Clublast week. I mean Black Swan.
It feels good to be on Twitter again :3
u mean SCAM newton lmao
Why cant we personalize it in the US? :/
North Carolina Aquarium Fort Fisher chooses for Media Content Player for new exhibit!
now I'm just doing it on purpose (:
lipstick, llama,
Revolutionary Cleaning provides reliable, high quality residential, commercial, and industrial cleaning services to florida area.
_3_ years? I may be at least that long, but aich. Here's to 3rd floor IC. Enough ambient noise, but people are quieter.
Long weekend filming in Virginia and Philly... Acting can be so exhausting, but is so worth it!!
Take Care is one of the dopest albums ever made.
time to recruit some new blood, sorry I am only a year younger but would love to help
I think you should have one.
Nothing cheers you up during a droning ( oops riveting ) conference like an upgrade notice from
The third set of workshop's are underway. We look forward to your feedback
Props to CMW and all of last night's composers for a wonderful show.
love that guy!
Wishing everyone a safe and great TGIF! The weekend is almost here...YEAH...Peace and love to all and thanks for following.:D
We have definitely lost a legend today!! RIP Whitney Houston.
Follow, follow, follow....#FF! Our picks this week are
Love the infographic. ("normal" people)
....ALREADY... the most wonderful day ever, with warmest wishes from,me Tom Tomalin x (ps in the middle of seeing JLS rock my..
This class if just dragging on.. Just get me too lifting!
omg, I want that! I have been wishing it would happen.
Yep wifey type but might have to transform it...
At the house chillaxn on the couch!! Had a good night at On The Rox. Sure wish I had someone to share the time with or fill that empty spot
#nisoEbook Barblan repeats "Metadata is King!" Common view that good metadata improves sales.
Hope you're doing well Bryan! Any chance you'll make it to graduation in May??
I just started watching Homeland a few days ago myself. Good stuff times 10!
I had an amazing time at WordCamp Miami. Can't wait until the next one!
Almost to 450 followers! Wonder if I'll get there on glorious April 13, the day I joined the earth :)
"Why is she going to be a little sailfish? Boats are cool but wtf" "Selfish Scott, Selfish"
Sid the squid of the chesapeake salt water association came to our plot and is reminiscing about the good ol days in the prohabition era
Tying my shoe strings! What a busy day! Reconnecting with my online buddies...
looks like #Bruins either forgot to set their clocks ahead or they decided to use Tyler Seguin's alarm clock for this one
Zomg now i can bike to the beach :D
that is why you are smarter than me
Hate it when u put a screen protector on your phone and there is a bubble in the middle
I don't deserve to be this happy...
after tomorrow, i'm off for three days!
lol a car lady or a cat lady?
who's your favorite NBA team and player?
I hope this beautiful cake is as yummy as it is pretty! Happy 50th Rosie!!!! Best Wishes!
you're almost 35!! Damn your OLD, but I still <U+E328> you.
Thanks for following !
Well guess what Bitches , guess who did it , Briana Desean Little .
Champion Announces New Racing Products for High Horsepower Racing Engines
If I worked at a tanning bed I would mess with the people and turn there tanning beds off and on.
Sometimes we look for love in all the wrong places. When we can't find it here, we look there as if it would be, but we know it's not there.
Possibility just did the creepiest thing I've ever done...
We had lean for lunch :)
ur rite lol, its still funny though
SHow tonight at Lorelei 8:00pm MM 82 Florida Keys. Gonna be a HOT NIGHT! Time to sweat.
This dudes butt is throwing up in the stall next to me.. I feel sick
According to a rumor I'm starting is going to be playing 'Cyborg' and a sweet live version of 'Sitting' next month!
soo ..i was watching American #Idol & when & Jimmy were talking &i saw 'Jake' from Touch in the back & i was like "THATS JAKE"
Status update today & Tuesday no more appointments available. Wednesday limited time still available.
rachelgurulong - Kimpton&#39;s Hotel Monaco Baltimore Knocks it out of ...
I Been Fat My WHOLE LIFE So Dem Jokes Dont Phaze Me. If U Wanna Hurt My Feelings Tell Me Coney Island Went Outta Businezz.
I don't blame em I'll be by err Nigga ol lady house lol
I'm in need of a
RT I am fairly certain that the first beer after a long day of travel is the best!
thanks for the input!
I told my story, and made history...
i gotta take a piss...i drank too much liquids
well I'm sure when your not grounded joelito you will be able to EAT IT!!! Again lol
Casting male models today in the office. Thinking of every possible excuse to go downstairs and casually walk by....
Okay time to get back to these reviews! Twitter is such a distraction.
We'll be right back after this short union break...
cough drops work
Apparently shouldn't watch football with alarm on. Excessive whooping will set it off. At least I hope that is what set it off...
thanks for the support! It's just about the only sugar left I take in everyday. I LOVE creamed up coffee but will get this done :)
Without sleep, I'm grumpy like hell!
Want to play in the IRT Florida Spring Break Pro Am? Contact Kim Roy.
<3 <3 <3 RT : I found my new favorite spot for healthy, fast food in LA
Los Angeles LOLakers
i messed up smmfh
I'm trying not to miss you so much but so far it's not working.
first time in life I've enjoyed running. Bought a supply of blue headbands in case I run by the comic store. . . .
#icantgoadaywithout CayLeigh Lynn and my Jesus
Brrr! Come on Ohio, turn up the heat!
I hear you. Agreed. But Sanchez does better when he's not gettin his butt bashed on every down.
Welcome dear. <U+E414><U+E022>
Yup, definitely feeling sick again... pushing through my inbox so I can maybe go home early
When your brain makes every single song, place, food, picture, movie, & thing somehow relate exactly to what's on your mind...
Thank you so much - will do. Safe travels.
yeah, out now, won't be home til about 11 tonight. :-(
Government control of the uterus has been a main goal of conservatives for years.
#WorstRapLineEver harlem world we got gatas, not dead i said they alive lions tigers bears ohh my - camron smh
Just noticed that my twat of a roommate that moved out a month early stole my swifter mop. Guess I'll be cleaning my floor with baby wipes.
AH so many "to-dos" on my editorial calendar this week and so little time! I've been an MIA busy bee, but back soon, PROMISE!
Rabbit feet are luck for everyone, except for rabbits. #HappyEaster!
that happened!?
#YoureInTheFriendzoneIf Im always "busy" on the weekends.
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 11
I love when people doubt me, cause when I prove them wrong they feel stupid as shit,
Mad & tried to crowd surf on a nigga haha. No go
You can look me in the eyes and see that I hate myself.
GUYS!! You should all follow :)
Just saw the best Hulk movie ever.
Does your business or organization need some banners? Or really bump up the marketing with a car wrap? Contact ! Best deals evah!
Stinky Gringo will be giving away FREE samples on Monday April 4th to the tailgaters at Opening Day for the Milwaukee Brewers! GO Brewers GO
Agree. Every Wozniak needs a Jobs.
I swear I've met #oomf in another life.
Show: 2011-09-29 - Say What You Will's First Show @ Brewster Pub and Pit
my grandmother spoil me just like tiny mom spoil king lol
Plume isnt really working for me, idk
It was great meeting u after Cheryl's workshop last wknd. Enjoy the warmth of Mexico while you still can!
Phew! Power tweeting 101 - get all of yr tweets out in 20 mins or less... ...Thank U all 4 being such gr8 twttr friends! now back 2 work :)
and i are getting stuff done on this campus. what!
They say sharks are more afraid of us than we are of them, which I find hard to believe. I don’t think they have nightmares about us..
Entertainment Books are now available @ our downtown location. Books are $35, and contain $17,000 in value for hundreds of local merchants.
Virginia Woolf~ I have lost friends some by death... others through sheer inability to cross the street.
the kid starving in africa with a belly full of tape worms said: <U+0001F612>
why not?
now i have to buy ymas' album bite my tongue. and 1D's up all night. and cher's sticks & stones.
Collaborative Prototyping with ProtoShare Business Edition Now Available for ... - Seattle Post Intelligencer
I almost forgot. My daughter has early release from school today.
I was a Selena account anyways.
I'm listening to music to help me. #AlwaysHelps -Caity xoxo
He traded up for Clay
a big reason to reason to watch the #NFLDraft...on MUTE!
textbook just got stolen while i was upstairs getting coffee
I don't have 9 Youtube accounts, sweetheart. All those dislikes aren't mine.
Shut up, cab driver, I hate you so much, ah!!!!!
How is it I don't have Russ's new book?
I'm guna attempt to go to sleep <U+0001F4A4><U+0001F4A4><U+0001F4A4>
Have a Great Memorial Day Weekend - those that have really big plans be safe - Enjoy the Weekend - Monday look for your Memorial Day Gift
That one feeling one of your closest friends hates you /:
Dont play wit may
I agree!!! RT Ticket Oak is freaking creepy
Awesome #Packers performance against no. 1 seed Falcons! Go Pack Go!
had a great time with tonight. He always keeps me updated on all the new tech info. Hope he has a good time at #nlcp10 in FL
chilling. How r u?
I'm sorry, don't hate me!!! I'm going back to school in the fall, I can't risk loosing CA residency for tuition
RT What are you all waiting for!! Check www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyBouriQne8 Who Says - Selena Gomez Cove ...
Cherokee traditional history says its people came from an island which sent out boats before sinking much like said of Atlantis.
Also purchased- 2 copper key 'vintaged' tees on clearance in the juniors dept at Yes, yes I am a shopping addict.
I understand that, Paulette, but not offering e-books at all is actually more consistent with core library principles.
I don't know what worse, watching AJ Burnett implode or Joe McKnight trying to play football.
And it's time for
Early indicators of impact & engagement in personal learning tools are promising, says
Pretty sweet, but I choked and just got a Diet Coke with cherry. Looking fwd to exploring my $5.50 soda options in grtr depth.
Back in NYC!
We are excited for you photo shoot tonight!
#becauseofobama <<<<<jeez where should I start?
Grateful that I can cook. Trying to remember the home chili recipe...write down recipes! Things get lost when people die.
Thank You!!!
Let's hope lots of other decided to vote the same as we did!
ALL DAY, EVERYDAY RT :
As promised, here's the reminder. Curb Your Enthusiasm, tomorrow night (Sunday) on HBO. Please tune in!
it is actually!! I like it but sometime it can be sad b/c it rains a lot but we still get sun like right now. lol
Hey, they like the ladies : Gorman, Slaton, Money and Moore will play in the 3/3 pro-am Sun City Open, an LPGA event. OK then
how goes it for you? The vegan thing is taking gold quickly (this time). I miss cheese, but it passes.
maybe he was just trying to check out the new tattoo? Hahaha.
OMG IS IN THE SAME STATE AS ME<3 #followback?
Just. Like. That.
FYI - Equipment Failure in Philly affecting MegaPath/Covad data customers. Pipes have been down since 11:30 last night.
please follow, i'd love u forever if you did! x
Love you too Arya :{) You are really kind and thoughtfull always. Much Love! xoxo.
No Ceilings
Thanks weedmaps for your support of Stop the Ban!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
Never imagined I would see so much NASCAR. Damn.
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?
ps a girl with Autism at work stopped crying and got up to start dancing to Party by Beyoncé and it made my life lol
Tonight I'll be Suites BAR 900 East,Meriden,Ct. 9pm-2am shot specials and drink specials All Night come down...
Today is 1 year anniversary! We are going to throw one hell of a party tonight!
today in "pathetic news from my personal life"—my OpenTable account was suspended due to "an excessive amount of no shows"
Getting Readyy! :) Listening to music! hehe
“: This thunderstorm is really wicked. Our cat just hissed at the lightning.” hahaha
HOPE NOW Reports 74K Loan Mods in January, Focuses on Military
okay! We will follow you(:
please call and I will set you up with a great deal 619-231-8030
morning ari! have a safe flight! <3
nonstop holiday movies all day today; steamed chocolate pudding with white chocolate creme de cocoa sauce; and a cracklin' fire. Nice.
Congrats on the higher altitude :) Happy you're filming!
Hey Maria thanks for the follow!! =)
: US Directioners! 1D are raising money for the wonderful Great Ormond Street Hospital.
Would have liked to see the "sharks" at ABC's presentations. I mean...they would have paid their own way!
C'mon, Sun Devil!
my mind tends to be not all here and rather forgetful most of the time - I'm going to print the contract and scan it today!(:
great insights at #bnchmrk abt millenials...so true that for them that "there's no offline"
I'm officially a #Trials ninja!
Lol me and jr like last time?
a little hunger games, then quality pillow time.. today was such a long day, and another one tomorrow.
I'm watching Gothika and am not enjoying Gothika.
Too early to pull out the Sharpie???
beware of the Best Frontcourt in the NBA: Melo, Stat, Chandler
glad she followed me:)
Is there more power in David Wright's pinky than the Phillies' lineup?
Just transferred funds to Rescuers in Belarus.
Are we merely robots? Offspring of biology and socialization, only different due to some mutation, recombination, beating and teaching?
Yep. Now if only they'd deliver saki, too. But this is Texas. Alcohol by delivery makes baby jesus cry, apparently.
I'm not really the safest driver. But I am a good driver lol if that makes any sense. And yur welcome
No more internet on me phone no more (tear) all I have is unlimited texting that's all
cheating is cheating. Sans steroids, Eric Gagne is famous for his appearance in the 2001 Class AA All-Star Game
Catch all the Par 3 Contest action with us today
then its time for you to go off-roading!
holy shit I haven't talked to you in forever man! Haha I'm pretty damn good ! How you holding up?
is it terribly crowded at coffee zone? Everywhere on campus is crazy right now I might head that way
Tell Cenk the girls soccer fight NOT a fight. Fights involve 2 ppl. Grl curled up in defense- not fight, assault.
i wasn't ever the best decision maker -___-
So alone and so quiet in this office...am I supposed to be somewhere else?
. is it true that cyclists ride free 14-18 May?
gotta see your black ass then
Right? Weird. RT I'm still waiting for Variety to announce that Ashton Kutcher playing Steve Jobs is an April Fool's joke
just got up. What's good dollface?
yep! I laughed haha just have to add the watermark and fix the tumblr a bit!
who talking you to
Niggaz say da got bad bitch but I see mad ugly bitches prego
Thank you!
Youse guys hear about this Obama guy? Yeah, he put new ceilings in the White House
Choose Match.com! With more relationships, marriages, and murders than any other dating site!
The changes they voted for today could give staff more leverage to say no for Earth Day in future years, even if they say yes for 2012
I'll try and think of a great story angle for you. Maybe how to have fun in Tahoe without snow.
I miss the summer chillin with u and all the others!
Johnny's Selected Seeds Uses Experian QAS Software to Enhance Online Data Quality - MarketWatch (press release)
I dont remember getting in the car. But anywase I know im almost home so yay
#NationalHonestyDay Let me kick it off by saying that this is a really stupid holiday.
Also no idea what Boxing day shopping is like but if it's Canada it's sure to be a cakewalk. "Excuse me, eh?"
Very impressed with Just made the current consulting gig a lot easier.
Had an awesome weekend Went 2 Forks and Corks @ Ringling; a local food and wine festival. David said it was the 2nd best day of his life
Hanging with the Atlanta housewives?
What are the skin lesions related to HIV infection? | Information ...
dear lord, the answers so far are borderline terrifying
#illinois foul on paul his 3rd. double bonus for Gasser and #badgers with 1:27 left. officials reviewing call
agreed. Learned the hard way.
Not only do I hate Gargamel but I really hate Mondays!!!
Oh no no please don't touch me lol
please for my 2 lovely daughters pick me :-)
Thanks for the great season, looking forward to seeing you play next year!
Interested in supporting #Autism without having to write a check. Then check out the great suggestions from . All of these...
I'll be looking around for the hottie in the jock strap.
Vinny Chulk's mom is steaming in the stands right now. "rules say everyone get to play coach!"
Who's interested in an urban bike race/scavenger hunt through Montrose & midtown on Sat 4/3? DM me...
lol not anymore.
my head is spinning with the possibilities. Trying to get to the bookstore today. Agile is really interesting. Need to learn more.
Can anyone suggest some good reading on PTSD? I'm looking to sharpen my knowledge for our
Does someone know how calls her fanbase? <3 :)
my ex was a girl xD
(bryan) Really impressed with how shows the tangible 1-to-1 effects of even small donations. Shows the connected future of charity.
I still watch Shin Chan and hurt myself laughing but still, I'm growing up...ok I'm putting it down for real now
I don't think I'll be trying an S-Bend anytime soon lol that trick looks insane!
I like Ishikawa as a back up to Mat. He will find his bat he's good power off bench if needed. Only 4 games in.
Not getting sick, not getting sick, not getting sick
Nigga done ran off w/ the juice & we suppose to b going to the bball court smh
I feel like I just left rookies .. But my grandmas coming in today so I'll get a nice tip :))
Track Meeting Tomorroww (:
Freaking Ahmed!
Just finished Leigh Stein's novel "The Fallback Plan" and feel blown away. I got a little weepy on the Bolt Bus.
#FourFamousWords " We need to Talk"
Social skills training, vocational help for adults/teens on spectrum, sometimes medication can help with sensory.
I'm sure youd love that ^_^
I was a finish line attendant for the Capital Challenge. Collecting bib numbers because they don't use chips (For whatever reason)
not to rush u guys at all but i hope my phone gets a call in a second cuz im tryed of watchin these hicks.
getting iTunes charges 4 Justin bieber LOL
Wild day for sure!
very reasonably priced too.
Eternal peace lasts only until the next war. ~ Russian Proverb
OMG! My girlfriend is taking me to see #BlueManGroup! Thank you !
Which #SuperBowl #commercial was the Best Commercial of #SB46 for you?
When my little cousins come barging into my grandparents house screaming while I'm trying to nap <<<
#ConfesssionHour People would talk about me so bad i tried to comit suiside four times :(
Find Your Own Swag.....
Are compact florescent bulbs supposed to flicker? Mine are, and it's driving me crazy! Any ideas?
NO NO is expecting. I will be in NOLA w you & a hurricane! RT
Here I am with a degree in theatre & a mile-long resume, but Kim K. Gets a lead acting role.
praying for your family especially Rick.
joy, crazy, insane, all of that haha
cheney calling obama an "unmitigated disaster" is like jeffrey dahmer calling mr. rogers a "danger to children."
Sorry we haven't been on in like a week haha. When I get on my computer I'll respond to all the follow for follows! :) -izzy
First official single "Get It In" was reased at club DV8 tonight... shout out to for the congrats. Again highly preciated...
hi mukta! changed the schedule of your radio show, you can also do it yourself on the site. thanks for the love!
Business in the front Party in the back .<U+0001F61C>
My kids have toys everywhere like it was fun day I just ot home from work, starting another one jobs damn the 2 yr just bite 5 yr help......
Most female orgasms in one hour: 134.
Gavin Floyd did everything but set up a tee under that pitch.
TALK TO ME
what are your summer plans
That's a lot of subsoil! You guys finding any more artifacts?
Montana Deleted Her Twitter !! Wth She Was In ICON !! I Didn't Even Know !! :O
": Someone just took a punter. Seriously." And the jaguars continue their ways
Everyone's complaining about their Klout scores going down - but mine went up! Do you think it really matters anyway?
dam ur painting looks awesome !!!!!
I did it, Michelle. You woulda been proud.
My mommys sick :(
She's the man!
I can't love myself Love doesn't exist.Whatever brings people together isn't love Love is stupidity, or selfishness,or fear
YES!! They look so good! Really intense too
ok u comin for real??lmao
Damn i was about to be phone less real quick
“: If I saw Vinny on the streets 20 years from now my heart would still speed up a bit.” you and me both!
Great conversation, as always. Thank you all! Happy Friday and Happy Halloween!
Nice meeting you!
Good Sunday Morning! Hope you had a wonderful weekend! It's been full of getting together with friends and enjoying beautiful weather!
Northwestern University School of Law & Salmon P. Chase College of Law Northern Kentucky University (Semi-Finals)
Do you have a Disney Library, Scott?
Lots of lost looking high schoolers wandering around downtown...must be WIAA tournament time
ugh yes :/ I went the other day and I wanted everything even the guy clothes lmao :'c
The farm at my school just got honey bees!!! Woohoo!!!
Back to waking up to Red Bull. Oh yeah!
I am so bossy to oh well...
If I buy my phone (Evo 3d) from Radio Shack do I still have a 30 day return guaranty?
I need someone to love me I'm a cool laid back homie lookn for love ya digg. Some give a nigga a chance. Yea I go both ways what's it to u
and how he did the right things and how HE did this and that.Get over yourself.u think he isn't more arrogant than woods?
I guess I was thinking more of a visualization exercise with a before state photo...
#just sayin Like I always say u got something to say shit we grown shit say the name who u talking about .
just got off work alittle while ago, gettin' ready to party for my 26th birthday; tonight we at Barracuda, HOLLA!!!
Congrats on season 2! Usually 1st year shows I love get axed, so way to survive the curse.
or is there something i'm missing one of you can help me understand? otherwise, back to facebook...
maximum utility for others outside yourself. You always have free will, but that free will is constrained with being set a part falsely as
I'll be in Novosibirsk in July and Moscow in August.
Sorry about the mix-up in trivia earlier. Ack! It's been a busy couple of weeks! :)
#ROCKTHEBELLS2012 IS GONNA BE DOPE SHOUTOUTS TO NASTY FOR HIPPING EVERYBODY
Good Morning everyone! You prayed yet? If you got time check out... ( www.myspace.com/djnlyte812) (www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/) God Bless
Now I won't have anyone to cuddle with all night :(
Are youu serious?!?! :D
yo gabba gabba called they want there anal plug costumes back
Sign 1 that my gf hacked my Pinterest account: I don't know that many people who repin awesome looking recipes.
Movie mode !
ask for Phillip, he is the Stem Cell expert
I would like to work where you work.
A Matter Of Taste for lunch M-F, Baja Burrito, Yellow Porch restaurant, Grimey's record store, Basement (rock club). A start!
Life goals are necessary
Speedy is finding big holes...Flowers gets him but he was gone
I'm a Gatorade man myself, but might switch of I could get a delivery like that!
So true! RT : If Simone Battle gets through it's because of Simon's ego.
Hurting yourself hurts others
An angel is nothing more than a being sent into your life to unlock a secret you've been keeping from yourself. You heard it here first.
Just booked for May, Memorial Day w/e fly in/fly out. Maybe lunch? “: Missed u at the Rembrandt Epic exhibit."
History Professor
What companies should an art publisher talk to for ebook conversion? I want to join the digital revolution!!
What the Fuck ?
Yeah..Your still not doing anything? lol
I love listening to depressing music when I'm depressed even though it makes me more depressed than I already am.
Its too bad the girls you do get back at you :)
Jan. 11 is "I Am A Mentor Social Media Day!" Join me and other #mentors nationwide and tell us why you support
I wish would follow mee..please:)
Follow back? ;)
If you just want so some low pitched "noise" and 808 type rumbles with no attack you do NOT want me to play I only do "real" bass OK?
of course haha
If you have linked your accounts, you should be able to do all the stuff within both accounts. 'switch-acc.' in top right? Hmm...
Faried is a BOSS. Hittin the free throws
loved the column
When I win the #Megabucks lottery, I'm going to buy 's hair!
Ha ha, everyone has been telling me about this. I entered yesterday!
JL.org is still publishing. Thanks to WP's schedule feature. Other events on family blog. (Ping for url.) And some here.
SKD Audition Finalists will be performing on Fox 40 tomorrow morning at 6am! Make sure u tune in!
I can get used to this weather.
It's Humpday & Dinner time...doesn't a burger sound delicious? Pop-in for a some juicy treats!
Come on NBC
At Duckworth's in #Mooresville. Lots of supporters in #Iredell so I spent 4 days here this week.
Having BDay lunch with friends form work.
"Juicy lips" or "tatted up"?
I dislike these umps
Let's go pacers beat the heat !!!!!!
You get treated..tookin out like dates...
what if they turn into the most negitive person u know? What if they drive u crazy or they r crazy? Only so long u can take it
Crazy hook..
wow there have been some changes on here since I was on last.
uh oh! well, he's the MAN. LOL
raised 5 boys, battles MS everyday, does extensive charity work, and beat breast cancer.
Too much weekend. and I are in for the day.
Derrick, I've got exiting and innovative .NETopenings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
Nice pick #Bears Alshon Jeffery. Already have star No. 1 (Marshall) & quick dudes (Knox, Hester). Red zone add for Jay Cutler.
Awesome Bro!! You'll love it out here :)
ELENA is amazing! I was so upset Ricky got a bigger applause than her.
she doesn't look old!!I think she's in her late 40's!!!
Night Tweeps. U Ever Go Night Night? Everybody Go Night Night! All Day! By Myself! 1 Bed! 1 Pillow! 1 Duvet Cover! 1 Pajama! 1 Night Light!
#FunniestThingIHeardToday "You seem very structured" ...cause I am a complete mess.
Yeah but fizzy water gives me the sexy belches. :)
okay good!!!
Dropping my phone on my face <
Stop by Sonic today from 1-2pm>2 C the #Baltimore Oriole Bird who will b wondering around the shopping center at 8212 Liberty Rd.
Bridge flash mob!
FOR THE LAST TIME: I have a flip phone and can't get all these fancy photos of my uncle in that man-on-camel scene you keep texting me.
Start with the lego version before you commit to the bigger one.
Thank you for choosing A1 Shredding, Happy Holidays to all.
4/20 special coupon code 420420 for 20% off the entire site WOW! check out the coolest pipes ever. SWEET!
you're so hip with your new twitter gfriend <U+2665>
Happy Birthday Madison #Happy14BirthdayMadisonWilliamAlamia ;D <33 love you.!
good grade on my research paper feels good :)
Just found out ill be reppin Vera Wang in my best friends wedding this summer. Swag two button
OKC wanted to win they played KD & RW to the end. its going to b a competitive series #Lakers #Nuggets Nugs win it
I know a girl who said "I'm #Mahomie". And then two minutes later, she writes in her hand 'Austine Mahone'. I don't really understand her.
yes. It will be a COMM 3342.
awww, ryan, we tried not to make it too #heartbreaking!!
Bitter experience has taught us how fundamental our values are and how great the mission they represent
Feeling Antisocial? Get back in the Scene
Ok I gotta shake my booty if I'm going to get to class on time <3
Middle of UNM Spring Break, here at the Robotics Lab, hoping for an #NMSU W.
Ok lets do it!
do you like the ICONic Boyz ? ;)
yep exactly!
DID STEVE BROWN JUST SAY.....VERGA......LMFAO.....WATCH OUT YA, VERGA IS COMING.....LMFAO!!!
awh thank you so much!! Thank you for coming! Love you:))
You and Scott deserve it all big guy!!!!
if I'm sweet then you must be amazingly sweet ;) #DontDeny<U+2665>
How can i get copy of latest mag. My daughter is #8 UC LAX player & pix is inside
Even though the Spurs are up 8, it might do them good for Tony Parker or Danny Green or both to turn up their offense in the third quarter.
u sexy ;) lol
Sleep. U elusive mistress!
I hate guys why do they always have to lie and call girls fat!!:/
check ya DM! :)
Sure. What's your fancy?
sex workers need resources that aren't based in religious ideologies. You shouldn't have to accept a religion to get help.
BLOWS MY MIND
Kmsl I told tiny he aint hard he told me he is , I said boy you pussy like ya girlfriend drawls he say I get pussy ask ya drawls lol he lame
really??? im there! call me
Justin. You should follow Me <3 (:
Thanks for the #FF!
Ok yes I will be in touch this week. Hope you had a great holiday
Even if they won't know the origins, I think we can keep the 8/16-bit style alive. I think it's our duty.
Happy Mother's day to the best mother in the world!! :)
who knew? I has never seen so many kine. How am I doin??
Morning Rockstars! > The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. - Earl of Beaconsfield
you think TC can beat Jones? They warming up yet?
Happy to say that it is officially summer for me. My junior year of college is over and I am now a senior. Exciting but slightly scary!
Video not working... :/
MT “: "How many crescendos/can someone feel at the same time?" by Jason Bredle, who read @ the June '08 Rhapsodomancy reading.
I'll follow the next 32 people who follows me :)
Are you guys working? ?
"Bruno can't speak English!" lololol
RT : #RumorHasIt your girl wants to sex me on the low. Lol must a been a good Saturday
Is Twitter much less popular in England?
Rain rain go away
In a taxi he is playing the hits
Both what?!?
Gah now isn't letting me look at your blog. Boo
Way to go Julia! You're right on track for finishing NaNoWriMo! Woohoo.
Banana Boat sunscreen. Good stuff.
thanks so much! You guys rock!! :)
no one likes me. why bother.
I was supposed to hit up broad ripple too tonight
are you on this side of town?
Just make my heart red again is that too much to ask? Drop it from your cold blue hands. How many times can we multiply a second chance...?
My new album "There Can Only Be One" is available online at www.cdbaby.com/cd/larrybrownjr1
Whoa, he lives! How's things, Carlos??
RT : #NYC: Thursday at 7pm will speak at Barnes & Noble on Broadway at 82nd St.
Sovereignty > (but includes) legitimation of property. Will be tweeting in the next week from 18thC American Rebels on the topic.
My pleasure, anytime! Thanks for the Tasty tacos!
The pizza ghost gets nervous and sweats pepperoni juice EVERYWHERE.
#springbreak #2012 cannot come soon enough! <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>
It's funny how people turn out to be little fucking bitches
because it's fun
Jack White is so cool
hey all! Back and in action!
absolutely the worst
don't leave the one you love for the one you like blah blah blah...
sweet! You should catch Queen L on Sat!
I am having a great Vday
Thanks again to a whole new slew of new Fans! YOU ROCK!
": ; lol ,I don't think I ever watched it all the way through...."(why not its good)
ima do ma best.
put your L on your forehead and run along
I was going to ask Brad but I can't remember his handle. How are the Hinckley Inst. doing with Salesforce?
Austin is not following me o well he still is following my other account :)
Rebel America Inc. lands music license deal for "CBS Sports" today. A very good start to another music working week.
That was in the top 3 nights of my life.. Cheers to the Millard West lax team!!
You ready for tomorrow night games
Holly Cole; vocal chords of pure gold!! lp
No problem. That still sounds like a great presentation! Looking forward to it.
yeah he's my guy though so its ok
“Girls want a lot of things from one guy while guys want one thing from a lot of girls.”
Interesting! There's version comparison capability and review/collaboration tools built into Sibelius First 7.
"You are the antidote that gets me by, something strong like a drug that gets me hiiighhh."
Can't wait for
damn straight! Celebrating championships n holeshots!
when did you get glasses?
Bed early. CrossFit early.
Truth. RT : "Please check back later", really isn't appropriate for a web thing in 2012.
Yay! That's a perfect afternoon + evening! That's how I want my tomorrow to turn out!
good article. I'm still rooting for A.I. too. I hope he gets his life together.
It's hard being on this trip with the guy i love to death, and the girl holding us back.
get you a new designer.
please be reasonable and nice. That's all I'm asking for, nice and try
I get twatched,
Your ex couldn't beat, I hit it like a freak doe
Thanks that made me lmao
I'm going on June 21, 2013. ;) x
dude thats funny as fuck y would u get an old man high lol. fuck dude that shits funny as hell.
Don't be a fear thinker... Be a faith thinker
Congrats to you and your family!!!
It’s amazing to me how some politicians spin anyone who has legitimate concerns about this country’s income inequality into “a hater.”
#DuringTheSummer I stay up & talk to my friends(:
Me too. RT : RT : I have an unhealthy addiction to museum giftshops.
Man... The Walking Dead season two. Dang... Still not as good as the graphic novels but darn good T.V.
nice how is the traveling
TONIGHT THE DOPE PARTY CONTINUES www.dopela.com Early Arrival Suggested
Does anyone in NYC have a church fan tht I can have? A friend needs for a photo shoot
not all of them, also teach people to be themselves
Life is like a rose garden - Watch for the thorns and keep the pest dust handy.
aright, aright, aright! Lol.
Hm I wonder whats wrong with twitter tonight? It's not loading very well if at all...
Nothing I love more than *free* PR tips - would love to learn more!
I need to deterministically position myself in an ideal situation.
Want to take our workshop "Real Law: Protecting Your Brand in Cyberspace" for free? Email for deets.
Oh yes indeed!! RT : lol me&amp;erin call them type "universal fine" haha.
“I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work." M Thatcher
"Years and decades are required to reach and demonstrate the manifestations of spiritual adulthood and maturity." -Ml. Asraf Ali Thanwi (R)
:) RT You should appreciate a Pisces astounding ability to understand you without trying too hard or asking too many questions.
this icon maker knows everything i like.
Did you go Friday?:)
next time I file a petition with the weather gods, I'll be sure to ask for better mummification climates ;)
Life is like a mirror, if you frown at it, it frowns back; if you smile, it returns the greeting.
For sure! You too!
At work.
- m lil wayne has the cutest smile (:
I agree with you completely on that.
To the Orthodox Jews in NY District 9 want to campaign for Israel then they should move back there and to Msnbc L. O'donnell don't be shock
Have to get out of this house
Good times, good times.
Have you not noticed? Curt Schilling is NOT on the 38 studios website any more.
and now my other lovely too :)
Exclusive: Mistress in Navy Doctor's murder gives riveting testimony in court, see it at 11
happy birthday! the big 25!
Thanks but no thanks for your misinformation. That is not President #Obama's true budget. Check the fact before tweeting!
Boyfriend Video Made Us Wet ? It makes me cringe knowing a lot of the Bieber fans are quite young..
it's nice to be missed. I've been busy with work and then hiding the rest of the time that I'm rarely on twitter.
RT 7.2 #earthquake is the most powerful to hit #Turkey in over a decade, & equal to the one that struck Haiti in 2010.
I wanna open a store that just sells booze and call it Pussy Liquor.
Oh you're cool you premature slut
okay THAT was the best one.
Ready to go "Walking in Memphis"
my next week is open! Just let me know!
Our favorite spot! Thanks again for taking us when we were in NYC together!
TIX HAS BEEN SOLD! Thanx for the inquiries! #ILLSTATEOFMIND. LET'S GET TURNT!
you should be able to install XCode from your Mac OS install DVD without registering
Bud Selig's group must be kicking itself in the proverbial tuchus for not retaining the Miller Park parking lots when it sold the
Whos ready for tonight & what songs would you like to hear
thanks for the RT today! Great stuff learned at our customer success event in
I just got a macbook pro 2weeks ago and love it. the switch from XP was much easier than I thought.
Q3: Does your book address how can I run a profitable business with two small kids at home? My biggest challenge!
Just got my and I have to say they get better with each delivery - I have YET to be disappointed!
Driving to Newport with Excited for some whale watching and dinner at :)
thanks to for remembering DY
Can Dallas go after Tebow to atleast perform an exorcism on Jerry Jones
Drooling over the products on the store.
Not to be confused with breeding. No what's breading?
order you tickets today for Victorian Halls' "Big Bad Wolf Show" at the Beat Kitchen! www.tinyurl.com/VHtickets
I'm really torn about this movie 'Bully" marketing battle with the ratings board. We need kids to see it, so edit or give the PG-13 now.
sweet that's awesome that everything good with you just stay happy and ignore negatively always
officialy follows you!
No faith in Suisham.
WF Bank often denies out-of-town charges. "Together We'll Go Far"? Ha! More like "Better Not Go Too Far!"
I know! far too much to talk about... I'm totally overwhelmed :) I went through a phase where Volume IV was all I listened to
Black & Gold game today was koo'!!! :) I still hate 6th and 7th graders!!! Made my class sit on the floor cuz they took up all the seats.
360 Trying To Get The Taxi Driver To Acknowledge That You Really Speak Japanese
IM FOLLOWING YOU FROM ALL MY ACCOUNTS FOLLOW BACK
Ave Life on the Come Up
I have all A's & B's except 1 F. -_- need to turn in that project
Dug ourselves to deep of a hole..
This bitch totally blows !
paying $3k is ridiculous. Thats the biggest impediment to producing world class players
Os killing it
Big day for #Detroit! President in town saving jobs & Uncle Jam rescuing dance music from the blahs.
My trip to Vegas is strictly business. I will be #GettingItDone for Pittsburgh. I do my gaming locally !
DO NOT HIT MY BRAUNY....
Good Morning, how's your Friday looking?
dude!!! So good to hear ure voice! We cali folk are. missing out
is doing something cool, id love to talk to the devs.
Smooth Operator- SADE... Very nice piece of music!
Love that photo. Thanks for the Smithismn.
In need of some kids for Childrens Dept. send pics to
great news!!
If I was in the Twin Cities this is where I'd be Friday>>>RT : Dj Advance BDay Celebration This Friday @ The Grand Hotel !!
Soakin up the sun at aliante station pool.
Going to tonight to watch the #Brewers game. Hoping for better service this time.. And a Brew Crew win!
HOW IS IT COOL
LOOK FOR YOUR 3 LITTLE BIRDS HAIRSPIRATIONS ON THE RUNWAY! TRIPLE YOUR PLEASURE TRIPLE YOUR FUN WE'RE GONNA ROCK IT 3 NIGHTS NOT JUST ONE!
Kitty Pride...really? COME. ON.
:)) thanks they are nice I can't hear a single girl on the bus
It is from Flickr site. They seem like nice people who like to share.
Finally, the Pats team I recognize. Keep that momentum going!
Yes we saw Ben's talk the day it was released! Happy to see the technology getting such a high profile venue. Great work!
you haven't been to the gym in 5 years! More vino it is!! <U+0001F497><U+0001F61C>
AH I HAVE A B IN PYSICS :D
I wanna real relationship , being single is getting boring .
some dude wit dreads
It's time for Friday night pizza!
que cute :') rt ": Just like gramma does :') rt JayYF_: when i try to hide 69Maryjanee 's boobies and fix her shirts :') >>>"
I was unaware you had the authority to take all my shit away & not allow me to talk to my own mother. Then hit me. You're only 18. Bitch.
oh the irony of that tweet.
plus, I need to go retake my english placement.. I know it still cannot be the same.
RT : Guys always make girls cry, but if a girl can make a guy cry, she must really mean something to him.
Who says that?
No Disneyland for me <U+0001F625><U+0001F494><U+0001F44E>
i have no idea and probably not just make sure you ask her today how many hours you need ans then see if you need to go
came into our store once, bought a collection of lullabies. When a coworker realized who it was he bolted out the door after him
More from the "Overheard at the Quick Stop" series: "There IS a difference between me and you... I DON'T suck!"
haha im going to come in and be like hi ms simmons, i have a delivery for abby horan i mean what ?! haha
Black history, valentines day ,me n my twin brother b'day! The month I made history! The love month! #Blessed #special-month :)
$.55/sf CARPETS YOUR HOME installation only - material IE: carpet & pad Extra
I love Jack White like a little brother (actually...more than a Brother !!)
Did she just say, be 'pacific'?? I think she meant specific.
what a gem
haha right?? I hope I get tickets!
Lmaoooo! RT : If you get a chubby when you poop, does that automatically make you #TeamBottom ?
trying to do a essay hbu
AAPT .006 - still underground. Distribution news with Walmart due before April 1st. Check it out.
Loved Rachel blomgrens knit skirt! And fort Wilson riot was great!
can u give cena 5 Rock Bottoms tomorrow Plz!!!!!!
America. It all starts in
you deserve it! U did a great job at JRM and earned what u have gotten! It will be hard to replace ur desire...
=) you're going to love it! RT : pic last night inspired me to try water marbling today.
Last Show of the weekend!
If you really love her you'll let her go instead of leaving her heartbroken...leave some love for a real man too sweep her off her feet
>>>> ok >> send yo email again
Trade show season is approaching fast! Come see us now for your promo items. We love working with our fellow Delawareans!
Rick Siskey – Remember to eat the proverbial elephant one bite at a time.
Patrick Ewing is perfect mentor for Bismack Biyombo on #Bobcats. Because Dwight Howard's post-game is unstoppable.
That is a sign of how cold Georgia is going to be after the Packers victory. Go Packers!!!
u coming or what?
Scared of change.... you shouldnt be! Major suppliers cannot work the way that we do, no personal service, little flexibility with pricing..
#ThatEx who was tryna be a thug but wasn't with the shit
Research reports / Silicon Valley may still be the biggest tech hub in the U.S., but New York City is now the fastest growing tech sector…
please come to Texas!!!!! Would love to see y'all live!!!!!!
..i wanna stay up and tweet but i doubt Twitter will run these damn 4miles for me in the morning... fMl.
IT'S NOTHING LIKE IT...REAL SHIT
RT : Tomorrow is , free admission to participating museums throughout the US. Celebrate with us we're ALWAYS FREE!!!
IM READY TO SEE HARRY POTTER!!!! :D #notaurewhenimgoing. :(
Well said!
Congratulations ! You all have won 2 Egg McMuffin Sandwiches! Please DM us with your info.
I spent my whole life putin on,u spent yo whole life suckin up..
I miss the good ole days :(
you are too kind my good friend.
nothing much, chillin with my friends, what about u? (:
-- Both teams will be running tonight. UofL wins, 72-68.
Oh no!! Pbr!! Hipsters!!! Real ones not like
Yeah Wisconsin!
The WNBA is so gay. <U+0001F44E>
You know that new Portlandia commercial on IFC? That song? That's me singing! Me me! Yes! Still haven't seen it :( -JW
absolutely let's do it
A coffee tree has a lifespan of between 60 and 70 years.
enroute to TechCamp Tel Aviv to share open mapping tools for citizens and organizations
I can't complain about this wind after the recent tornadoes and the aftermath. So I pretend to like licking Vegas street dirt off my lips.
on jointly authored, Oulipian suffragist novel "The Sturdy Oak"
Just finished Toastmasters, now on to a business mtg at Starbucks in Plano. Lunch mtg at LakesideBiz in Rockwall, TX.
We lose about 50 to 100 hairs per day.
Good night tweetheads!
Live interview with me ED ROBINSON can be heard via www.culturalvibezradio.com @ 4p.m. today. Big up to all in ATL
Oh my god, let's go watch the avengers! (: lol Have fun in Dallas.
All milkshake out
Thanks for the support! RT : Follow ! Best local ale!
I guess you're not proving anyone wrong now..
real champions work in the early hours of the day. Ask and they know what's up.
Presenting a session on latest results from at #EVSCREV12 Don't miss it!
One topping slice and a PBR only $5 from 11am-10pm TOMORROW ONLY!!! Za it up and watch sports... If yer into that...
Having kids has made me better at living my life present in each moment. Not dwelling on the past or projecting into the future
We've got hail... Does that mean we get a snow day tomorrow?!
I <3 Beer Week is starting soon. Free to enter and prizes to the top beer lovers.
“ I'm a b*tch? You're a bitch. Your mom's a b*tch for having a b*tch, your dad's a b*tch for f**king a b*tch. Now who's the b*tch, b*tch?”
NEVER SAY NEVER AND YOUR DREAMS WILL COME TRUE IM NOT SAYING NEVER AND IM DREAMING SO U'LL
I may be from Louisville, but my heart belongs to the #Hoyas now! Final: GU 71, Cards 68. Stunning upset!
Its Still Ugly Outside..
": The 54th #GRAMMYs going LIVE on the East Coast in 15 min! West Coast, beware of spoilers!" You guys should go live in LA!
Memphis and LA are 2 teams where you often hide your eyes when the PG gives up the ball.
it's finals week (-_-,)
Her: Math. Me: Need help? Her: Naughn Me: ...??? These conversations make tweets look lengthy. Sigh #parenting = Hard Work 2/2
lol who the fuck have a crush on me.
Literally doing nothing in 7th omfg I'm totally dreading going to 3rd
I really like him and im excited for candy tomorrow<3
Congratulations on winning the Glen Broom scholarship, ! Cheers to lots of success ahead in the #pr industry!
oh, just hoping he's going to steal the Super Bowls thunder. Should realistically know by next Wednesday.
Smith SHOULD have went down at the 1. You win the game right there.
I want to host :3
Bone growth stops at 35 years old. After 50 years old, bone loss occurs unless you work out regularly.
High in marijuana is next....
The only limits we really have are the ones we place upon our self. Dream your dreams, and achieve the Impossible..... Lane
Can't wait to watch it. (Believe it or not I've watched them all)
Masa and Pizzeria Mozza are both good.
doesn't understand how perfect my face is..
Who needs a plot when you got people going *car horn beeptrain horn goes off* and *fire whistle goes off*
Thanks, Ward! And congrats on your new series-- NEW YORK, BABY! -- they look fantastic!
So true...": "Example, whether it be good or bad, has a powerful influence." — George Washington | #quote"
I fucking love the palladium. It's the most legit ass movie theater ever.
Why does it always seem when your Dog-ass tired from a day on the run. When your finally able to catch some Z's, suddenly your wide awake?
Welcome to the future of news~! (Don't worry—I'll invoice you for this tweet!)
imma give u the tracking number lol
is *mostly* cross-browser compatible! going as far back as IE6!
Just saw Santa walking on 26th and sheridan
followed. follow back yeaah?
One more day of school left. FOREVER!
The best part of my relationship is not only will I go to strip clubs, she will go with me, strip for me there and show them all up.
The awkward moment your checking out a girl and her friend is looking at u.
what if I wanted to hangout on Saturday? :(
Most improved award - Baby Chris
not really a sneakerheads kinda kicks but... RT : like... wallabies, sperries, vans, and polos?
Twine seems like a useful tool, not just for fiction.
RT : The only person you can change is you. ~
"come on Lumpy, take a dump! Take a dump Lumpy!!! - new yorker yelling at his dog outside my window
oh you mean yeah he is pretty sweet.
If you were in my shoes.. you'd live life the same way
hopefully tomorrow! I just got off the phone with Rora, she's figuring stuff out c:
RT : So cool! Over $1700 given today so far to help #cpstudents go to #shift2012 #greatful // Seriously AWESOME!
What is yo sexy ass doing tonight? Lol
#WhatAWomanNeeds A Guy Who Will Protect Her Like She's His Daughter, Love Her Like She's His Wife, & Respect Her Like She's His Mother <U+2665>
it was enchanting to meet you
Oh no. That makes me sad. I have the respiratory system of an 80 yr old woman due to un-openy windows.
Grown men turning bitch, I see the girl in em.
Thank you for the #FF shout out! You are inspiring as well!
hit u back but it aint go thru for some reason
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it
#Roseville hockey coach resigns during district investigation.
If you can't drive by a car wreck without rubbernecking #ff ...this is why twitter was created.
Do people actually dance on the beach? Or is it just a sitcom myth.
Swedish gummies?!?!?! *Drools out both sides of mouth.
Moving student on to the next grade without mastering basic math skills causes more harm
ditto! Hey did my mom bring you your pups? She said she was
Turn Mistakes Into "Stepping Stones" To Success
"Well maybe i’m not perfect, at least i’m working on it" - Hello Cold World
We’re having a chunky vs smooth #salsa showdown! Who’s the winner?
I think David Hammons would be my choice.
RT : introduced the ZeroHouse 2.0 model home in San Antonio. #SunPower systems on the roof increase
I'm trying to quit cold turkey but I've got all these leftovers in the fridge
"Back to life, back to reality. Back to the here and now yeah"
The Summer 2012 Olympics start in 15 weeks! What's your favorite Olympic sport to watch?
i know man! Im excited!
AutoDesk: We should be treating computing as an abundant resource, use it to find optimal solutions thru evolutionary design.
nothing just waking up haha, idk if I know you? but anyways I'm Wanya like Kanye but with a Wan in front of it haha
Thanks brother. It feels more like an ongoing theme these days. Working on it.
The Coral's "In the Morning" gets stuck in my head everyday around this time. Don't know why that is.
I really is dislike Mothers Days
who needs Congress!
Celly might just be my answer to unlimited polling via text and online! Stay tuned...
roommates? Okay.
Seems unfair to judge yesterday's writer by today's beliefs and standards.
haha. Wanna be partnered YouTubers can fall in that category, right?
LMBO. Point, Girl B.
looks like we have more in common than swimming btw >>>
Packin up:) going to have some visiters late on. Then maybe out to eat with the girls!!
and im not even dressed yet.
got 2 new leads and a new photographer :)
hail to my fans,they super fyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
"Is it just me or does that spongebob have a penis!?"
Got the munchies? We can fix that. 414.562.4444
Good point. RT : How does it affect your hotness that you're getting White Castle on a weekday before 10:30am?
#pharmaforum 61% of adults look online for health information.
Sup brothe how?
I'm following everybody who follows ! Hurry! Only 4 days left! Go follow! Pretty please! <3 :))
Proposition 8 was ruled unconstitutional!! So happy to see things moving forward in the fight for equal rights
interesting. Noticed you're in Bmore - you should check out the edu panel at Digital Harbor High on Wed up there! FYI
BATTLE OF THE EXES: Go Emily!!!
Cold and Flu season is here! Did you know that massage therapy can help you boost your immunity?
The crazy thing about it I been knew I had it
I will never settle for less, I will always fight and work hard for the best
Made it to the start for the Country Music Marathon. Going from a 1500 race to a 30k + race = big increase in energy. Looking forward to run
Yum! #makingmehungry and its still so far from lunch lol
Obama, by way of that awful opening day throw, might be the wimpiesr president ever.
mom said yes but i have to clean before i go .
not guna happen 4 me 2nite my back is killin me was hurt in a car accident & sum nites just hurts 2 bad 2 sleep
Well , looks like this is another show to see when I get back from touring in October!! Can't wait to see it ! :)
Had a great first day at my internship, now off to a red carpet event in Beverly Hills! <U+0001F389><U+0001F3A5>
A tough way to lose for the Bat Cats, but Arkansas is a tough place to play. Now focus on winning the series.
doesn't surprise me!
They're loco en la cabeza, as no Spanish-speaking person says.
oh, def! I have that album... yes, the album, somewhere at my Dad's house lol.
Away on vacation for some much needed R&R. Kauai is the most amazing, beautiful place to vacation! :)
I'll call museum & ask
Broncos staff surprised Dook even had a football team. Hope they enjoyed their visit to the Triangle.
wrote some good lyrics today inspired by the separation of two friends. Sad but ok for them and good for me to be able to write about it!
Over all these fake ass dudes let's go on to the NEXT!
damn dat sucks
RT : RT : open up the Blazer chat,, (It's open now)
If you never wanna be sad , why you always watching sad shit thats why your life fucked up , watch Disney .
Felt like i was about to sneeze all day yesterday. Finally occurred this morning. So good I had to report it. More quality news later.
I wear Gucci! I wear Nikes! At the same damn time!!
lol I already know
Im constantly amazed how perilously close I am to panic at just about any given moment.As a side note parents: don't fucking beat your kids.
You do know it's not your night to dj?
Yes pls! MT : time for bars *inside* museums?
hail storm?!
Obesity in pregnancy may be link to autism
#MarkBurnett is doing an amazing job of producing The Story of the Bible for -we got a sneak peek - so moved by his vision!
I should be receiving P90X in the mail today....not to sure if I am happy or scared.
Had fun at #WWE #RAW last night :-)
Its not RT Y is it so hard 4 a man 2 be with some1?
Morning all! I loaned my office keys out so now I'm loitering outside the dept waiting for someone else with keys...
The BET awards are WHATS UP!!! Right now!! Fire
In the past year I've really perfected my ability to wear pretty much the whole J. Crew catalogue and still look kinda homeless. #
yeah I'm still waiting <U+0001F44C>
listening to the brilliant speak in the flesh!!
4th qtr is the best time of the yr - Football is everywhere, Basketball is on the horizon, new video games coming, and tv shows premiering!
Yup! Although what does "compatible" mean? To my knowledge Square doesn't have an API.
Thanks for the follow. Ancestors are Highlanders. Ever study the history of the S GA coast? Lots of HLDers. Real culture shock!
New to L&F Sentences: “He was a pitchfork, she was a torch, and together they drove the witches to a bus station to get them back to Salem.”
Good afternoon tweets!!! I had a wonderful time last night but I'm still sleepy. And on top of that I'm hungry as hell!!!
FALAFEL sandwich at A LA CART
The main thing that I'm thankful for is my happiness. It means more than money, food, or any material good. Happy Thanksgiving.
Please follow me I'm in love with you(; bahaha
Absolutly! We would love for you to join us! We will be at Senor Fish at 1p :-)
I'm a good enough person to forgive you,but not stupid enough to trust you...
the King's Speech is an amazing film, and if you have any sense you will go see it. GO. GO NOW.
I heard the same thing. Thought it was my ancient ears.
sick in bed! Waaaahhhhh
performing at The Avalon in Santa Clara Thursday March 22nd with and Get STOKED!
Is Cody going back to L.A ? :(
She don't want a man .
When wiz perform black n yellow today...support & tell em
Ready for my Spanish final
started late, skipping commercials.
Are you planning a trip to the ATL anytime soon?
Can't wait for Tom Stoppard's Aracadia but calling it a comedy & romance downplays its exquisite wedding of science/math & lit
Would love to, but that is the day of our big Restoration and Renovation Fair. Keep us updated on your progress!
sounds pretty exciting
4 keys to video games: immed. feedback, choose level, positive reinforcement, mastery. Apply to learning! Alan November
PAUL RYAN'S PLAN sounds like they have water down the CHEMO and RADIATION. There is NO PLAN to EXTEND your LIFE if this is your only option.
Hi Paul! Great to meet you in Boston. Here's to the Cushmans!
This is very ugly
yea ok
#Herbs are expensive to buy at the stores so adding them to your landscape makes good economic sense
Hashtagged his unfortunate nickname? Wow never thought I'd see one of them tweet that
Lets go heat!
i. love. american. cities.
...and whenever people say that, I know it's not! At least for some oppressed groups of people! - Dr. Stovall
Bubba "Masters" Watson!!! BMW.
Owner of Springfield &amp; Cape Cod Massachusetts private investigator firm announces the forming of Northeastern ...
In North Memphis.
Trying to catch up on potential Oscar candidates. Next up is (500) Days Of Summer :)
If someone would like to come hang out with me tomorrow morning while I get ready, that'd be great. Lol
Vegas can't handle bounties unless they dial them up
I wonder if Roc got his drum set?
is funny as hell lol im watching all of his vids
How exciting!!! Will you be at the golf outing tomorrow?
Don't Chulk.
I wish I could have that everyday
I wuv twitter
goodman says tweeting is not nuanced enough and too fast for
LA bound for some much needed R&R!
They can all kiss my WHITE ASS !!!
Retweet For Shout Outs
I was so sad thay you deleted your videos and now there nack woth more views then ever! So happy and proud #ProudOfAustin <3 :) RT this?
Feeling dead.
Thanks for coming in Saturday, chica. I know how much Martha appreciates you. PS Thanks for posting a pic of our bar!
Dam.. I love Payphone... :) Maroon 5. :D Cant stop listening to it.
MT : Tebow being allowed to pick team he wants to go to. He picks the trade. Jets or Jacksonville. <-- Amusing.
I help put that smile on your face...didn't I... <U+0001F60A>
Allergies! Bah! I will defeat you!
#Bulls G Derrick Rose out for rest of Playoffs with torn ACL.
More than all the things he has and can do, what is it that pleases the Lord? My trust in and praise to him! Psalm 147:1-11
THE BEST!! RT Tampico with ice :D
I tried #veronicamars but couldn't quite do it, too soapy. But now a lot of smart friends recommend it. So...
Wait, if government #shutdown happens, I don't get my Sunday White House garden tour?!
what were you thinking at that point
I'm so bad at math.... Blah. Someone take my test for me!
Italian Food <3
: Okay. The Bieb's is getting cuter.
Uh oh, it's #walkergate time!
lets get it fam
This ubersocial update...
RT : #Cox divesting 700 MHz upper and lower blocks will likely yield more money than it sunk in. AT&T takes B blocks and US...
TGD leftovers tonight, with cranberry relish! Chop in a food processor: fresh cranberries, whole orange, walnuts, Granny Smith apple, dates.
Hittin up subway before the mavs play!!!! Come on!
everyones dead man ur the last man on earth u didnt hear?
My goal is to hit it and hit it and hit it till my 21st birthday. It's my gift to myself.
Thanks for all the #FF's!!!!!
“ I hate when bitches on Sweet 16 act all surprised. Bitch you knew your spoiled, rich ass was getting a car.”
Smile: you can model it
So Cute<U+2665>
Are you ok?
"You do the arithmetic,we'll do the language arts. Ya'll stand against the wall blind folded, we throw the darts" ... are you an Outkast?
Go, Maryland!
can't wait to see how much work you put in on that flight. See you in NY
i swear if i could remember all my punchlines when im freestyling ill be the coldest rapper.#TRUTH!!!!
hey! thanks for the follow.....\m/
Pat Caddell FOX points out - If the participation in the workplace today was the same as when nobama took office, unemployment would be 11%.
thanks anyway :) u're the best.. RT : aww happy happy birthday! Have a great day :D
Dress for the day: White shorts and out new orange and white polos!
Wow, didn't expect that, Don.
When you said "Carlos the doorman" thought you were joking about v.o. character from TV #sitcom "Rhoda". That was "Carlton".
Check out these 25 hot movie releases from Thanksgiving to January!
oh...AND was the deal 2day!!
A pleasure to walk the streets of canary wharf.
ha ha you're right about that..off to rock this sportscast..
thx sweetie...we try...im a paramedic and my boy is an emt...we try n make ppl feel better : ) thanks for noticing *hugsyou
same here! Wht grade u in?
has a VARIETY of delictables. Stop by and taste their healthy selections. Get 15% OFF w/ a
smoke break in Hollywood at 5 am...I just witnessed two guys try to break into a car and fail at it.
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas. Marie Curie
Ask your questions!
one talks to much, the other startin to talk too much shit n one jus wont get the message........somebody save me
Haha, that's fine! Thank you so much!
Watching on 's see what these guys have to say today.
because girls never give it enough attention
Tucked in flannel. Bury Your Dead. Mikem. James. Northwoods. We Win.
Bold and the Beautiful is a silly show, people who watch this have wild imaginations
Sitting in the drug testing place...they talmbout a 45 min wait to
we met 3 years ago, and never would i have ever thought it would escalate into this.
Can't wait to get my autographed copy of #networkingdiary tonight from
I So Net To Get Ink'd Up <3
Anyone else seeing an onslaught of spam accounts following you on ? They have ~4 boards, 75+ pins & blank Twitter profiles.
the world doesnt revolve around you. so get over yourself and come back to reality.
The Bee wrkshp is going to bee (Ha! get it) GREAT! I'm sure can give you a ride to the event!
I feel like #idol is kinda pointless without anyway.
Thank you for the follow!
Just had a deep, philosophical discussion on CSV in GIS in workshop by
I'll say! It's about time!
Friday's here. Not much relaxation this weekend: workshop Sat., yard sale Sun., and dinner Sat. night with new friends. I'll exhale PM Sun.
What more followers ?! go follow SHE FOLLOWERS BACK REALLY FAST !(:
but is so cute & he looks good w/ no shirt on. He's forgiven.
Thanks Tim!
“And in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” – Abraham Lincoln
Oops, meant to send that from this account. I hardly ever check that other one.
ha! Agreed! I love her, I mean I want to be her, I mean idk what I want! Hahah miss u!
As long a new followers idea of "social media" is not sending me a DM asking me buy their product. A little etiquette goes a long way.
Today was interesting. I hate the Internet sometimes.
thx! I'm still trying to work up confidence to write finance stuff so it's a good way to keep up my writing on the side.
I'm So busy! I'm doing it, tho! I promise!
Someone tweet me I am bored!:/
Back from field research at 0$ Ranch and #WestTexas. 2 days to catch up online, type notes, do laundry before going back out. Love my job!
poor Ann! Ha! I get a little excited thinking someone has something to call about and then I answer and just hear shuffling.
8 glasses of water a day is too freakin much lol
RT "Goin' Crazy" by Natalie is my jam.
JOIN THE MAILING LIST NOW!!! www.2crazycomedy.com
saw it :) but I tweeted it from my personal account (:
Sometimes I feel alone #BizarroWorldtweet #
I bet thwy crazy as he'll and loud as fuck
keep getting ingrons n bumps what brand of razor is it that your useing
#ravens trade out, see Smith, Jenkins, Martin & Wilson drafted - didn't want any of them, will get the guy they wanted plus gain a 4th
Follow my tweets,is Sexy related to Watch The Big Bang Theory Online Episodes
Prayer breakfast at New Sardis Church, O what a FELLOWship!
Pfffff i just had to say that...
who the hell? what the fuck?
I don't think the city would be allowed to make content specific decisions.
's KC BBQ Crawl = Chicken at #Rosedales, Beef and Pork sandwiches at #ArthurBryants, and a slab at #Gate's... Freakin Stuffed!
Great and launches at the #eisummit this year. Good to see measuring soft skills become a focus for
not dat fake purple, diz cat told me he had purple and it tasted like brown dirt
You're welcome ^_^
honestly think it'd be a better fight between me and Mayweather...my plan for him...whip his ass #ThatIsAll lol
I sleep more because I can control my dreams. Dreams right now, are better then my reality
Amen to that sister
TOTW is now ARTS FEST - and biennial. Look that up in your Funk and Wagnells
RT IF YOU LOVE
What's happening at RIT?
Friday nights weak when it's cold
When old friends say they miss you c': >>>>
be my friend on facebook! Just search Crisston Lee Crass. I am the one with the same default as this one
I am honored! Looking forward to May 31st.
oh excellent! well, on the next occasion, feel free to let me know!
Done! Looks like a great project.
#UKOneDirectionIsTheOriginal seriously. no ones ever heard of the other one
HaHaHa...too funny and cute! :)
one of the most boring games on the schedule until 2012. I'd rather play EKU than most IU teams.
You are NOT black!!!!
The future of SA...lol RT ah no! Sucks! I was asleep in class hahaha but thank you :)
sounds good.
full day of ministry ahead. Mass, premarital counseling, ladies' lunch, hospital visits. Thanks be to God!
Good morning!
My roomates are grilling brats.. I need to get outta here before I eat every last one
We woke up to a thunderstorm this morning in #KC!
I'm about to drive in the ocean.
wanted kim to win #biggestloser. disappointed. but thankfully it wasn't conda. you deserved it kim!!
Watching and playing Just Dance in ballet TuTu's <U+E429>
Vince Young to the Eagles? He handled the Nash press and fans so well I'm sure Philly will b a breeze for him!
CONGRATS TO GISELLE BONILLA ... GUEST STARRING ROLE ON " SOUTHLAND "
Very chillstep morning at work. Followed by chaos and utter debauchery. =)
Mornings suck.
8 days until sectionals
The traditional mentorship model in research tends to be one directional and doesn't support an equitable envr for scholars of color
lol i didnt have your phone???
Looking like a multiple trip to Starbucks type of day.
Thanks for taking him off our hands. The #Astros have been respectable this year.
so glad Daymond pushed for the deal w/Billy Blanks Jr. I was getting frustrated and explaining it to him lol!
probably doing nothing and studying lol. you got something planned forus?
I know I'm late but, "The New Adventures of Old Christine" is hilarious!
Staccato murmurs bubbled through the crowd. I had inflamed them. So be it. I was prepared to face the worst. I raised my fists.
Thanks for following Vinyl Judgement. Keep up the good work!
That's a dingy ass hat you wearing lol
is MJ really gone?
Sir em i dont have a mustache that's u mom lmaooo dont beat me
Too hot!!! Lol. Elizabeth McGovern doesn't age!!!!
Who's excited for the weekend?!? 1 more day!
That akward moment when try to push your glasses up but realize you are wearing contacts...
Mortgages Rates Higher At Fastest Pace in Months
you're welcome! - cool! :)
It's Tuesday, preparing to connect with new clients. I've missed my "cup of josephine" for the last few days, but i'm still alive & alert!
Adding final touches to a new website for a new library campaign in my hometown. Next, hard work and lots of luck.
how well do you know the folks over at the grape?
Focus = Win!
75 minutes of cardio done and meal 1 down... counting down until meal 2... seriously starving =(
in this economy people just aren't dying like they used to I guess
haha! Hey, wanna add a pic and use your new 'brand', Pancakes and Postcards, instead of your full name?
Arrived at 24 Hour Fitness on the 23rd hour of the day and 5 hours later I'm showing no signs of stopping
:) What you doing up this early my love
I'll never forget the tears you cried for me.
Someone needs 2 be in #Congress to speak out 4 #PoliticalPrisoners like #Guangcheng. I ask u all to help me be that person
Redskins fans scare me. Which winter classic did u go to?
JUST ANNOUNCED: at Tuesday, June 12th!
Omg yes it smells like chlorine outside of the school & it reminds me of
finally heard from my sister
;*they say that the world was built for 2 so its not worth living unless someones loving u
RT Jason Kilar at allthingsD: Hulu still needs to exist because they give customers what they want, when they want
Why wear 4 inch heels if you're gonna walk like you got fucked by a bulldozer last night
stay up to date with us with a free AccentLink Basic account at 800-language.com
Man how much do I love The Lion King?
Treat me like a joke, i'll leave you like its funny.
THE RAID: I've never had a movie kick my ass as much as this one did. Some of the most insane action I've ever seen. SEE IT
Recording time had to be delayed to a scheduling matter. Should be ready for Thursday. Sorry, My Rocketeers! :-)
what are you?
Hope you stop by the table today T35!
yo what's your number?
I get that but still I'm seeing and hear like Bynum nice but calm down
can't wait!
welcome to twitter! I'm excited to learn more about your trucks!
happy Mothers day boop <U+2764><U+0001F48B><U+2764><U+0001F48B><U+2764>
not a Yankee fan but glad they beat TB and as long as u are happy then I'm happy
I will come soon, I promise!
Wish I can lay out with its so gorgeous out! instead :/ lol
going to dance! :)
I had to find out the hard way that pimpin' is in fact not easy.
Bad news on the auto insurance front...
I need a new hair brush .... Let's just say it doesn't look to good....
wonder what the right approach to communicating with them would be
im so bored. asdfghjkl
Thank you :)
Who is victor cruz?
omg #socialmedia and
but tomorrows your birthday :)
Loma Linda University study shows that drinking 6 glasses of water a day help to reduce heart disease risk.
i know. ill be up til like two when i could of been done at like 10.
WE WILL BE BACK STRONGER THAN EVER!!
Deyer just turned the fans on in the warehouse, it's like the power of 3 helicopters up in this piece. I may need a hoodie. .
Some serious goofing going around the shop right now...
so how are you?
“Yes, risk taking is inherently failure-prone. Otherwise, it would be called sure-thing-taking.”
I have officially seen every episode of the twilight zone.
You should rule with fear... Like obama should just pistol whip the next leader he runs into
Thanks for following!
Quick! Where's a good place to get pizza in Birmingham?!
A common complaint in ARG from my 6-yr old, except everyone in Bs. As. seemed to own multiple dogs.
2011.09.04 #Brewers 4 #Astros 0 | Now that's more like it / Astros sweep perfect prelude / to St. Louis trip.
following back :)
Be an original. Not a copy. <3
I'm not sure what his definition of Texas style is exactly. Can you give me more?
“: “: In FL there is no legal obligation to wear pants, which is why I moved there.” LMAO!” No more wearing pants 4 me
likewise! Hope to see you at more events--or further up north ;)
Yes, please! RT : Snowball fight?
Faith is a measure of your confidence. Trust is a measure of your commitment. Faith may fail, but Trust in God will stand the test of time.
well if that's the case, check us into rehab
is following 69 people lol just thought i should point that out
There are specific steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
Hows the family? not as much as iMiss you
Yep. It be like that sometimes.
Taking a bath with Epsom salt for aches. Wiener floats to the top.
The Austin #SXSW ECO Startup Showcase starts in one hour. 5-7pm at Lanai, 422 Congress
I am well aware of the basketball royalty banner count. Oh, and that you have zero.
It has been a pleasure being taken to school on salsa grooves with my new band Love playing music for a dancing crowd!!
This is a busy area for work,everyone I call says they can't even come give a price for a couple weeks.
Watching Bill Maher show with special guests Common and Barney Frank. Maher is kind of a jerk, but his guests are charming and intelligent.
well you can't review your own James. :)
Zappa's Second Law: As any conversation about language grows longer, the probability of a mention of Valley Girl speech approaches 1.
Everything that can go wrong is going wrong in this game, apparently.
The rationale is based on balance, but in practice, it's about increasing tough choices that don't serve users well.
welcome #happybirthdayjboogz. I'm putting in everything I have to say haha
I could TOTALLY go for a hot pocket right now! RT : hot pockets. They're good for thy soul.
i cannot win this. i quit
Yeah it's something all right
"Its better to try and fail, then never have tried at all."
RT Just have to say.... God is good! :)
Oh for sure, Friday works. :)
"Onlookers don't want miracles./ Failure is glamorous./ The crash course needs its crash." ~ Alice Fulton (from "Failure")
Thanks for RT. Do you have any problems with being blocked/censored here?
ikr! She's an amazing role model. She's so sweet to everyone and has such a caring and loving heart. <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Happy Birthday Channing Tatum!!!!
Thanks for helping spread the word about #FoodFightMKE!
Pretty, intimate Suite 524! 954 sq ft in warm honey tones. Call for an appt to see it today!
Banks, I am tired of your false promises about check-depositing via phone! All I get are mother-effing error messages!
hey bro ask your boi what flavors he got right now u know what I'm saying.
the ocean by zeppelin - Good get to work tune for a saturday.
RT : you gained half a pound....
It just sucks. He was looking so good too.
U R a DrUnK Tweeter!!
Tell us how you really feel, bro.
Have you talked to your listeners about Obama's stem cell research Executive Order yet?
Would love to create a dining experience for our subscribers in Memphis! You have great reviews!
you can always dust off and climb back on but if he gallops into the nearest tree a few more times, it may be time for a new horse.
You bet!
I have a hard time believing that's actually you in your profile pic, what (probably) 20 years does to a person...
Follow if you believe her. I don't care i'll delete !!
sushi is good, wondering if you like it?
i think if you aren't making mistakes because you're doing good testing, it doesn't count as pride
I am so ready for December. So ready.
how much shipped
Great response from Bill Benjamin to dealing with sales pressures. Listen to the podcast if you missed it.
law confuses me :( iv got a feeling I'm going to fail :(
Because banks own houses and make donations and students don't.
Why is it, whether you sit up or sit down, the result is the same?
I like #RomneyPalin2012 !
At Chick Fil A with Evander Holyfield. No big deal.
I do!! I was just really hungover today and was not at my top performance
interesting thought: not too much overlap from #ExploreDFW conversation...perhaps this is listing specific vs aggressive strategy
Does anyone else feel a little queasy when they have to look at the words "Paid iPad"? Like staring at red-and-green stripes.
Animal House is on. is talking me through its comedy glory, but he probably won't notice when I leave.
thanks so much, we appreciate the appreciation and encouragement!
Yes, seems to be public enemy #1. RT : John Dunbar of Center for Public Integrity says "Speed kills accuracy."
#NASCARprimetime #Fast Jimmy Johnson
THE CAKE IS A LIE!
Great idea! But I still can't bring myself to drink out of a sippy cup for grownups :)
Mommy just walked through the door, not with Jj though, but she brought me things from my Auntie Stephanie.
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable
Love the new sparkling flight at !
as a motorcycle rider I will enjoy this free pass.
I didn't tweet yesterday because I cancelled Easter. We found the body.
looking for contributors. Send sample post and gmail to
all the way for sure! Diggin today's pick of James! Gonna take that Bowl nxt year!!
Were at with until 1:30. Stop by and meet the guys before tonight's concert at the !
my bestfriends is death.
This isn’t linked correctly with my site, sorry… I am trying to fix it
All us parents want to know is that you will be at your best when you are an adult and you make something great of yourself.
Omg honestly guys why is Alex gaskarth so beautiful?
I honestly want to cry because had to come home. They deserve more time in Australia. RT if you agree
I have an insatiable #appetite this weekend. Must. Stop. Snacking.
hahaha yeah i aint ever been to a Reggae club since I've been here..that might have to be the weekend move
I meant thx for the fave :)
just totally called me a slut.
but you meant evernote right? Android is sensitive to your needs.
the game never made a trash album
nah, he hasn't worked there for a while. I always had luck sitting at the bar, though.
Don't underestimate
A little late-night snacking. Bad girl.
According to my friends I'm "obsessed with Peyton & I need to be admitted into a mental hospital because it's not normal how obsessed I am"
Keep working hard my man well get ours sooner then later
Bracing myself for the influx of Superbowl-related tweets and FB updates.
and that proves....
Yes, love would take over to make sure my parents were taken care of. You're awesome, Kel! <3
completely worth waiting all day for ! I can't believe I held hands with Kendall! <3
“ I don't fuck with none of my ex's”
dm me! I'll be back this week!
do you remember me, and our beautiful affair? look in my eyes and honestly tell me your love is gone.
TY! RT : #WWW (Wishing Well Wednesday!) , ,
Justin Y Do U Never Answer Me?
also remembers when women were not allowed to own cars in their own name. Even if their money paid for it. GA 1975.
Why doesn't the US invest in Haiti?
Happy Monday from GTWT! We have a great week planned, first up: Chat Night on the topic of females in gangs with !
I want the Celine luggage phantom in suede dark green already
hamilton leithauser just bulldozed a kid off the stage. 1, tasteless concert goer 0.
I can't wait for the school year to end!! prayingg I get the summer internship <3
your right...
please tell me you get to go to Copenhagen? When will you be there? :)
ALCL 38Mil float, $.017 now, can get to 03 very fast... Book value is over $.08
I know Viola Davis will make me cry when she wins.
gosh I hope you can ahahahaha
and check out 's latest tweet! Changing lives ;)
Queerest possible iteration of combining my & 's last names has been found: Transfiki-Leser (that's pronounced "Lezzer", FYI).
In jackson,ms on my way to memphis,tn then to searcy,ar what a trip this has been
#somebodyonmytimeline Has added a bunch of website logos to our search engine! We thank you!!!! Http://tomorrowbook.com
Doonnnnt do it! ...at least not for double your rate ;)
agreed RT : Shaw has his hands and arms tucked in. I don't know what's dirty there.
I don't wanna miss a thing.
I'm at the point in life where some of the players being drafted are now a year or two younger than me and it's kind of weird.
Solar has been the next big thing for 40 years.
I'm so psyched FSU's goin to the #ACC championship
woops! - typing too fast. thanx for the follow!
Thank you so much! We're all looking forward to a new year of unity.
we have many gay priests and lesbian nuns...so we are more than welcoming if they're celibate...
can I join you stiff? I'm falling asleep sitting down lol
Oh yeah, that is completely her loss. :)
Right... But I know that I cuss too much though, but that don't mean my lyrics are gonna change.. it's whatever.. lol
take a knee, breh
i totally do. :)
You can come visit me! Haha :)
What is the Perfect pairing for 4000 Chilies Prawns? Gewurzicles! Ice WinPops?
Moments when everything aggravates the hell outta YOU!
my step sis got in trouble today!!O
some island and what is wh ?
Your bringing sexy back ; )
Better than last yesterday! Least I now know my FAMILY is all safe and MOST friends are accounted for
Everybody knows in movies the black guy always dies first.
We're hiring! We're currently in need of kitchen help. If you know of anyone looking for work in a kitchen, send 'em our way!
Just got my AP with on the cover! Love the article! <3
Thanks for the tasty treats at last Thursday's #5x7social! , Creative Creations Catering &
how you doin bro, been praying for you hope all is going well!
#tosh.o on demand?
just your bitch taking your coffee order <U+0001F618>
Groins are slow healers and linger. Mild concern with him there....
Do you want me to tell you something really subversive Love is everything it's cracked up to be. That's why people are so cynica
#HealthITJam Stumbled upon the discussion about #TEDMED and the need for patient representation
I'm dying to get my own place, you don't understand what a candle lit bubble bath can do for a girl.
thanks for the support on the journey to our goal of helping support kids with autism with there dreams
Perhaps I can be of service?
hahaha they played that on my schools announcements today lmao
#ireallwant to flex flex flex *waka voice*
Lisa Mallory, DC DOES conf workshop: DC plans 14K youth summer jobs - privately + DC-funded. Active in +
Let's go Rangers!
Please notice my page, made it yesterday! COME TO CHICAGO WITH THE BOYZ (:
Try to behave! RT : Vegas bound! How is this my first time?
aww didn't see you where r u guys.
Q: Who's the best Bond? A: Some say municipal, some say treasury, but I'm old-school: asset-backed securities.
#Truth “: Season Tix start at $125. Others at $160, $175, $250, and $320 based on location. Best deal in life.”
why cant every boy be like justin bieber??(: <3
Want to know a secret? -J
“: Yu rite but damn his team ain't doin shit but gettin they ass beat an drug cross Da damn court!”lol
cancel golf... It's date night
Save this date may19th Gemini vs Taurus At the ohm Celebrating fly Boi Nico b day
Such a good night!
Good morning North Carolina. Don't be an asshole. Vote AGAINST today!
Thank you for the #FF! You are very much appreciated. Have a great weekend.
Sharapova... Tennis will never be the same lol RT If you can't afford porn, just turn on tennis and shut your eyes.
What are the refs mob names ? This is clearly rigged. Now they have to call false fouls so it don't look obvious.
There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle-Albert Einstein
Use the "real" Adobe Acrobat software. It will allow you to encrypt and/or set a multitude of use restrictions.
Good<U+2615>morning Folks! Another soon to be gorgeous<U+2600>day in the neighborhood! Who's ready for the<U+0001F389>weekend? Is your ride ready for a night out?
what's the name of the twitter client you recommend again?
Morris Brown College
I can't live, if livin' is without you.
Jealous much fuuuck Haters.!!(x
Memoirs of a geisha
Watching #ghostadventures after working at a
So, if you're not watching this season of Torchwood... I don't know what to tell you. Way to step it up folks.
Just talked with Nuggets Chris Andersen who was leaving the Pepsi Center. He said "no comment" on the allegations.
lol! Yeah, I really do! Haha Its all love tho. Ima torture you till you bday
Having the most incredible dessert the papaya cream w a cream de cassis floater ah
In short poll, interesting that more than 90% are NOT using Amazon for computing or storage.
I'm in love with Washington D.C.
Sappy Mother's Day cards are causing an emotional breakdown in the store for no apparent reason. Commence placing sunglasses on indoors.
Just saw clip of #BOYFRIENDvideo! So hot! And #BELIEVE comes out June 19!
McReynolds just needed a few hundred feet more.... Gerhart wins his 8th Daytona race
Boys dont realize how much one little thing can upset a girl.
Coming home and looking forward to adrian's conversations.
playing piano and reading Tolstoy.
haha, all kinds of yes to this ;)
jammin' when you're home alone >>
Nothing like a movie theater full of people singing "My Heart Will Go On" 15 years later. Hahaha
About to go meditate. :)
I put a lot of time and thought into that had to make sure it all fit
Lunch at Station North Arts Cafe (12th District!)
feel like I'm in a real life episode of Infested. Get me outta here!!!
#ff Shout out to all the great physician leaders in social media on National Doctors Day
today I'm going to pre-order WWE 12!
GREEN LANTERN: Hal-"He gave me this." "He proposed??" XD lmfaooo
@ @ let's hope so...lots at stake if we let our guard down. BTW...Romney hearts Europe...priceless!
wondering around wishing we could just buy the entire store!
RT : Not fast for sure. tho w/cuts in edu, how fast is this tech going to spread in public schools?
n then they wonder y ure mad? Lol happened to me yesterday and ye gurl haha i miss talking to you i feel like we understand
When I change your name in my contacts saying 'dont text (so and so)' you did something wrong.
thanks Greg!
daily twitter coupon: "febuscary" it's a scary month
Both of us are going to find the right guy, and it's going to be amazing. Merry Christmas to you and your family!
C++, Win32, and API Developer needed for a contract position that can start ASAP! Call me at 608-827-8882
Prince Fielder needs to be a King to save the National League in this one.
I have so much confidence.. But honestly I feel like my love isnt worth giving amymore
Congrats to and Coach Becker on a great season. You were talked about nationally.
I got a nice ass the sexy ass guy tells me at the mall who works in Hollister. (: California boys.
: what type of horse is Wednesdays?
Welcome 2 #DURHAM!!..
y'all look just alike in ya avi lol
Just finished Atonement. I sobbed at the end. Brilliant movie. Simply brilliant.
Cute things...on America TeVe!
what up mussomitchel
Hope after the game lebron's mom isn't smacking the valet guys with her car
The crashes are excellent.
Stop dreaming about recruiting the heavy hitter. The best business builders are those with a burning desire to succeed.
because me and Cristina were going at it. First she snitched on me for skipping. I cant stand that scrawny bitch!
we don't have all half days only the last day
I'm not doing any design work tomorrow!
No, you got that! And you got that in all the right places ;)
totally thought of you muffin xoxo
I got tats up on my arm cause this shit is life.
Happy Friday!!!
Oh good... sorry to be nosy. Hope he's feeling better soon! :)
"gonna tongue you down; grab a towel now im all wet" ;D
We are fortunate to have Richard Romano once again writing for the Show Daily, this time with the Printweek all-stars
time for the bone hammer
Just finished the #HungerGames. Now who wants to see the movie with me?
I have half of the credits needed to graduate from AHS. IMNOTEVENHALFWAYTHROUGHMYHIGHSCHOOL
why do i get the feelin u guys DO remember that moment! :)
they mostly come out at night..mostly
his big i cant feel my foot head ass
Go Badgers! RT : Get to watch Ohio State play this afternoon then Rose Bowl tonight the Badgers Good day of college football
hahahhaha go run ur car off a cliff
My grandma is comingg../:
Want to learn about head and neck cancer? Join a Twitter chat today at 1PM EST hosted by and
Pulling the lapels only to expose the elbows.
listening to call me maybe because my best friend loves this song
This is red wine weather, and I only have fancy bottles in the house. I think a wine delivery service needs to be invented in my area.
I love My Wife and Kids. Even though I have seen every episode, I laugh every single time.
that's too mainstream, broskii
first day of snow, reminds me of the first day i made it rain
Rather impressed with the ease of use of a TWIT sponsor.
it was good. #Kman demanded pancakes this morning
& you looked SO good!! "That was divine."
that would be interesting Drake and Yeezy
What is #Milwaukee's position on city foreclosed properties? Is there opposition to making them available to responsible investors?
I know I'm pretty unlike your bird looking self. If you're going to tweet about me, then why don't you tag me in it?
What picture books are your kids asking for again and again and again?
Good thing he is a hockey player and NOBODY gives a shit what he thinks
My big accomplishment this weekend is carrying a brown purse with a black jacket and not having an anxiety attack about it.
i strongly dislike girls that have constant attitudes or always hatin & running they mouth. like GEEZE be NICE!! that's so not cool. lol
-hugs you-
no prob! Tell from the sent u ;)
m keep the Marty chants going~
Thx for the adds from
Thinking of doing my hair ombre .
that avi is fire!!!
I'm new here too, guess I better learn that protocol too. LOL ! Like I'm gonna sweat it. At 70 , ha ha!
The Dhammapada~ For hatred does not cease by hatred at any time hatred ceases by love - this is an old rule.
I'm still dancing and it's only Thursday baby!
I'll bet there...save me a seat.
Tweet number 1600
You can't lose what you never had, you can't keep what's not yours & you can't hold on to something that doesn't want to stay.
Found out the problem is a bug in Safari, which is what I was using! Switched to Firefox and it seems to be good now :) Thanks
Hey now you're an all star get your game on go play
When I'm tired of staring at a computer screen...I get outside and garden (rake leaves) to find a balance to social network saturation!
What happens, happens. You're gonna be fine, bruh.
you're in though I meant
hey, check your text message from me
that team would be lucky to put the ball in the hoop one time...much less get a win
traffic in #NYC is the worst!! Any event for you tonight??
RT : HEALTHY TAKEOUT: Panda Express Mushroom Chicken contains just 220 calories & 13 g fat!
I frequently find myself choosing between coffee and ice cream. It always seems like too much to have both.
general strikes are illegal in this country (can you imagine?). Tomorrow should be interesting indeed.
awesome. Ive been composing my TIATTY post all day in my head...tomorrow will be my day
Just walked into Kauffman Stadium - last game for a while...
I hear that! I have the same "gift" - inadvertent rampant verbosity :) [But yes, it looks good to me so far!]
Don't try that pouty shit with me.
_|.-~. SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX.. SEXY..SEXY.. GOGO DANCERS....SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
RT : should be my new best friend. I should ask her?? ;) hm
. Happy Anniversary!! (14 minutes late.)
I highly doubt you caught a monster bass
The touchscreen on my phone died on Wednesday, gotta get a new phone...
Happy Holy Zombie Day!
Looks like an aardvark with that extended nose!
It's sad that the tea I bought has instructions on the box, and that Jason Street might be paralyzed. (I'm like 5 yrs behind).
Flight delays, $300 Car rental to #GR, $400 Rental van w/ power outlet to charge dead phone, #PRICELESS Thanks
RT Thanks for putting us on TV! What a fun episode!<<---Of all the places on the map, glad we ran into you. Thanks!
Since before cocky was an egg.
Seattle really needs to adopt the black XX for underagers.
well I like when people make me things :D hand made gifts are ALWAYS the best!!
I like the #Saints...a good team who was able to resign their players and also upgrade at a couple of positions
Fave interview would be with a L.I. girl turned defense atty who is at heart an air guitar/karaoke artist
lol Ron Paul is the only sane person in the room and he knows it.
Anyone going to the NAMM Show in LA?
So true!! My local news talking about people stuck on their farms. *sigh*
What about after-credit scenes? I wouldn't dare spoil those for anyone, but they are rarely important to the preceding film
They say your first love is the sweetest, but the first cut is always the deepest. -Drake
Watch! New clip from my show #HaveYouSeenThisGirl at
Congratulations for finishing the Half Marathon Pasadena
holding on Wagner
please call baltimore best crabs at 443.616.1063
“: So I was the first ever #tweetfromyourseat winner for the Thanks for the gift card to CONGRATS KEVIN!
Ikr...waiting on this name to come to me. Rt": imma need you to provide a different stat!! lol!"
Mami will be doing stand up on Monday at Carolines @ 7pm! I hope you can make it, it is gonna be fun:-)
Has anyone been upgraded from the #NASASocial #SpaceX waitlist?
RT : Q1: What does your Chapter do to transition new leadership?
thanks for the follow! We're big fans of On Course.
G.M.N.I.: But I digress. My apologies. Live by the S.M.I.L.E., Die by the S.M.I.L.E. Depth before dishonor.
Blessings on your Birthday, Queen!
I hope to be surprised today :)
absolutely! What time?
"The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder." Alfred Hitchcock
hope to hear you on the airwaves again soon.
RT : Common. Mundane. Mediocre. Live your life so that these words can NEVER be used to describe you or your journey.
What set 5Linx apart, I don't have to sell you something you are NOT already using...Internet, TV, Phone, it is just to easy
Holy smokes - I'm sweating. It is so hot in this office! (cc: )
Its not me its you
sleep alabama
Thank you! 06!
Congrats to our friend on her feature for Indiana Female Focus. Look for her next week on
snap your finger off? Hah I wanna know the story with them ears hah. Send me a dm
RT : Soaring. Tumbling. Free-wheeling. Luv IT!
Lt for both us
Apparently when I channel anger the lawn gets mowed. So there's that.
You seriously piss me off , maybe this is why I don't like when you hang with friends.
Thanks for the follow!
ok, well, that makes sense. :) It just really frustrates me to see ppl on the show who have no idea what they're doing lol.
Because my beef is with the notion that we can quantify our productivity. And in that I think we are very much in agreement.
To much on the dome! I gotta get up
thx who sez "Just ordered Beyond Powerful Radio via Can't wait to get it!" Josh,hope I get the chance to sign it for you!
They say money is the seed to all evil ....Remember this before u BS with a persons money...
Trouble can't you see?
Weak effort by
Pretty darn good, as the sun is shining, the wind is blowing and I sit in 5 hours of meetings today. :-)
Twitter friends, my cousin is in ICU fighting for his life, please pray for him, he is the father of 3 kids & is loved by his family dearly.
I have a half day tomorrow too ! OMG #meanttobe (:
To believe a thing is impossible is to make it so
riding bike in NYC with waterproof fisheye video mounted on my head.
Nets are on Dwight's list. Wouldn't that be the Nets plan? DWill and Howard?
Hey ! Waiting on your track! Please send soon - ! Ciao!
RT : "We still have a 19th century model of education... We learn by doing," said Ray Kurzweil. #SXSW #SWSWedu < Muscle memory!
they are loud!
Cross River Rivalry is going to be epic!!
Thanks Ann! We think we stand out on a bit on our own!!
Cant wait to watch and perform! #MagicCookie think you are two HOT COOKIES!!
12 minutes left >
a skill I always feel the need to improve upon.
How cool! :) He is amazing<3
its all good bra my Shit gets fucked up all the time lol
"$47 billion in millionaires' money is less than $300 million in mammograms and birth control." Interesting math.
Here comes the funk, the whole funk, and nothing but the funk.
thanks for sharing the project! :)
Nor on the web, it's the Bane of US cycling coverage. For some reason road noise is verboten.
J.P. Tokoto () would win this contest with one dunk...
Loved the Brewer cap at the press conference! Awesome KO! Bring that belt back to Wiscy!
I'm emailing my business partner and he's sitting right across from me...
Spent the day with Mom eating Subway and watching Paranormal Activity 2 :) Who knows how many more days I can have like this...?
Super helpful! Thanks for the info! :)
omg cats go rawr then? x)
- good luck cycling today! Thanks for putting the pedal to the metal to
What's better than working in the garden this morning? The nap this afternoon :)
Your social and personal life will be affected with all responsibilities and deadlines.
So close. Too much Smith.
Now why you gon do that.? Let YOUR insecurities ruin a perfect thing.
Every once in a while I go to the drives and delete images now lost in time....
U need Colt Mcoy on ya squad RT Steelers are monster!
#makemusic be about something
Happy Monday from the Garb Gang!!
Super Bowl Prediction: NY Giants 34 - New England Patriots 21
I can't flip my hair anymore :(
it's on NBC lol
Jets up over bitches nigga stick to the script
Happy Birthday to my best friend ilysm mooer okay goodnight
All I can say is BEAUTIFUL.Pasha makes it SO BRILLIANT!
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.
we just moved the company blog and the 'WP to Twitter' feed posted each blog again... sorry about the noise! -dale
Hey, where did you find those cute graduation cards? I want to get one for my sister!
Watching When a Stranger Calls, I'm scared
Keep a few bad bitches in my circle!
11 years no meat. On purpose. A few Skittles here and there.
This weather is awesome!
couldn't have picked a more gorgeous woman for the cover!
Some ppl crack me up...hahahahaha...How are u gonna get mad bcuz I told u no....smh
I've never seen it :/
OMG I LOVED THAT. MIKEY NEEDS TO BE ON THE NEXT ONE.
we were just talking about how we all couldn't wait to see Kate Winslet's boobs in 5th grade.
Thx! MT #Follow for live tweets from DC today. Also, follow
dude it's crazy
A fresh close shave with a safety razor. Ditch your Mach 3 and shave like a grandpa. It's the best feeling (and cheaper).
BIG THINGS POPPIN AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!! BOUT READY TO GET ALL CRUNKED UP!!! I NEED A FEW DRINKS TONIGHT!!
We don't have a Do Nothing Congress. We have a Do Nothing SENATE. While House offers budgets, Senate won't even debate or vote.
Thanks for the RT!
tebow trade..dont believe every thing u read or hear.(see braun case). if u listen to espn u r a fool
I've never had it I always wanted to try!!
I swear I was gonna flip the fuck out on my manager if she said one more thing to me rudely.
Wow I lost 30 followers. Great.
We're making whoopie pies! www.baker-babes.com.
Zachary I'm going to call you, I didn't see you today.
we all think your character is up to something. Waiting on the girl fight with u and
Awesome! where you sitting at?
I really want to see the movie cyberbully
very special #FF to WE LOVE HER!!!
Or better yet , a chamoyada instead [=
Upsetting: it has now been one week since Grandview has been unsearchable in the Mac App Store. Yet to hear an apology from Apple.
I don't know everything can't everything, but i know something about some things.
I couldn't figure out where they were coming from. Was it because they watched too much TV, or not enough?
We need some female models for a spring summer photoshoot. Who's interested?
Thanks!!! It's good to know what's going on.
"Writers do not merely reflect and interpret life, they inform and shape life." --E.B. White
Sweet!!!!!! pumped....hahahah....ima fall on my ass
If you're lost and alone or you're sinking like a stone, carry on. May your past be the sound of your feet upon the ground, carry on.
Shoutout to my girl go follower her.
ugh dis is bs i tell u bs!!!!!
ABOUT TIME!
give me some ! Haha.
event at on Friday. KBS and Better Half on tap is a game changer
Ill be drinking myself to sleep
: What a pretty day here in ATX! Seems like a good day for some rain or an interview! - Subtle.. I like it!
- and Gilles Peterson's last show is this week too! Legends!
"I'm more like a bear."
In the Labb writing some new songs to add to my new mixtape #STREET$TALK VOL.1 #TRMG!
SO U FOLLOWING ME LOL...
Times TWO! And who knows what it will be come 2029.
don't forget the camera for tomorrow! :)
No school tomorrow!!! <3333 thank goodness (: but still... im going to bed :P
Be the change you wish to see in the world. -Gandhi
ugh I know! I thought about getting one but the prices are outrageous! I'll be sticking with my pc haha
thank you good sir! Have a great weekend!
I'm trying hard. Real hard. Everyday not to lose my temper.
When did the NBA become full of Drama..???Miami & coachgate!!
It was great to be there with your crew. Thank you so much for having us!
Yep... This is what I do... Dream team... Stuart thunder pineapple express Scaramucci... And guy Travis Jamarcus Oakland hookah reeks... ...
Easiest way to stop giving a fuck? Never start.
there's different sections tho if it's like that then I got m&g hopefully
(c)would be greatly appreciated! it's hollibenfield04 :)
#fridayreads (audio) April Lady by Georgette Heyer (a love story between people already married to each other!)
Can we just fast forward to this time next week for the start of 'What Would Jage Do' time?
Who! I'm watching Leno. I wish he would reach through my TV and slap my hand.
Tuesday y Wednesday :0
How are you Niall? (:
my mom doesn't either but I'm being careful (:
Cohen: The norm that violence that violence is a private matter has to change.
N meet WEALTHY people doing awesome things not jus existing but LIVING
clean water, nice view...I'm smiling just b'cuz lol
What's on your agenda this week?
yay! Let's meet up, record something?
i'm starting to feel like i know exactly what i want to do -- i just have a hard time finding a single word for it.
I get excited when I get mail from the mail box cuz no one ever sends me shit (:
has $1 sandwiches today in
A #BFWartimeFactoid - today in 1794 the U.S. #Congress and #President #Washington authorized the creation of the U.S.
Guards son, guards
am i alive or dead?
But do you feel comfortable batting Jeff "Frickin" Keppinger 4th against the #Yankees???
templates provide good structure for finding data to use in the conversation that will deepen understanding
Four weeks until vacation! So excited :)
I'm gud now sexy lady!
mind ya goddamn business
BA trying to hold back his excitement... But can't as Yuni defies all logic with his HR
Seattle Seahawks are the new Oakland Raiders. A complete joke.
ladies your beautiful so stay beautiful<3
I left my phone charger in my car....
Alright TwitNation legit question: Please tell me that The Polk Family was not the only family that put sugar in our Grilled Cheese sandwich
Late night HIMYM w/
#1DFAMILY is amazing. Happy I can help tren #goodluckjohn from here in the states
Sour patches it is <3
ILS = Integrated Library System, I believe.
Welcome to Twitter !
...Gloria Alred are you out there?You could mentor an entire law school group of pissed off females! We to win the future
#toomuchdoubt this isn't right and something needs to change. life should not end over so little evidence
I CAN DO IT LIKE A MAN DEM MAN DEM, I CAN DO IT LIKE A MAN DEM, SUGA SUGA SUGAAA
Katten's Glen Donath on #Edwards indictment: Surprising & distressing that gov't has brought charges, considering it's novel theory on case
what a great question! Let me know when you get the answer.
real talk cuz, real talk
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you tweet lyrics..:)
Crazy how much celebrity photos are edited.
I'll be in SA on Wednesday night! We should go then.
This via Wills in NYRB, who writes of theme of this volume as the deep hatred between LBJ and RFK. (h/t for sending the review).
Peace out, be gangster <3 Cameron always cracks me up (:
what's up lady! U good over there??
Hey Lance. All videos have been processed at this point. We have no original on file. Would you mind uploading again?
Great day for MN! MT : Always good to have friends in Florida. Wild welcome Solar Bears as the club's ECHL affiliate.
I hate being sick! Ugh! Anyone know of a kick-ass cold remedy? Other than vit c, echinacea, and wellness formula...
Congratulations and good luck! :)
LAST CHANCE! Merchandise from several shows will be coming off the site soon so purchase now! Most is heavily discounted.
No problem. I'll be keeping an eye on your posts!
. Indeed -- I think Federer made a calculated decision to play: "Let me get 3 wins. I can do that w this draw."
AMAZING #AFTALAC session this afternoon! Thanks to & our presenters from &
dammit. It saw you and ran away.
#Tebowfor2 It's Moneyball. Greenie is right. You might lose games, but you'll win more. Statistics!
Good Morning Tweeples! #Tuesday is the most productive day of the workweek..or so I've been told.
We need to do that body paint joint...exclusive shirt style! Put that together and lets collabo. Nice vid!!
Jumping in the convo now. Catching up and learning from these points. Great stuff!
What is there to hate?
kk i will tell him :)
Congrats to athletes Scotty Mac and Kara June for winning the #Cap10K this morning. Way to run!!
At this rate, we're going to be trending soon
Thanks to everyone who came in the last couple hrs & took advantage of the $1 scoop special. Shhh we let more than 5 people in on the deal!
JSB: "What would grant challenges look like if set forth by American Academy of Arts & Sciences?" Need both HUMA & STEM
Tomorrows game the new expansion team Montreal will reveal the new logo for 2012.
thanks for the clever promotion (#dontyoujustlovehastags) but you forgot to mention my razor wit and dashing looks
;) yeah, excited as hell to rock some Yashicamat 124G action. Putting it back into rotation.
I'll take you out like a sniper on a roof , like an MC at the fever in the dj booth.
I want hot tea and a nice pink grapefruit :( meh! Is it 11 yet?? Mehhh
So very excited for and their 11 nominations! Congrats to cast, crew, and designers. It's a stunning show!
Musicals are better than movies
hi Mrs. Hallice
how do you get more things done in one day than you have time to?
ah. Makin' me homesick!
Disc golfing at Pamprin!
got mad hoes on her dick
Oh dear God why? RT Humble yourself by looking at a photo of your father and acknowledging you were once his orgasm.
Combination containers offer beauty and plenty of variety
RT : Its a beautiful evening in the Third Ward. Drinks on the patio anyone?
Oh you know, working on #libraryschool hw... with 23 tabs currently open...
and i have been talking about how we love them! tomorrow i am going to try to get tickets to the 2013 tour :)
One of Michael Turners legs is as big as Matt Ryans waistand they've given it to Ryan twice and failed...cmon Falcons do it for the NFCSouth
But what confuses me is if I didn't tip you dancing why on earth would you ask me for a tip.. Here's a tip
Tune in tomorrow at 1pm eastern as we talk about our May photo contest. Doing landscapes so get your images ready.
Check it > " #unfollowfriday " - bristol must be a naughty tweeter... Coffee w/ baileys please... hangover Sunday begins now.
- *waves at you from south of Denver*
WARNING! GOD IS ABOUT TO TAKE YOU INTO A SEASON OF MIRACLES (John 2:5) If you run out wine! "Whatever Jesus says to you, do it." #Sir Court
May the Lord give me strength
Tomorrow is my last day of high school
Shane Dawson is Beautiful <3
There are seven billion people out there. Don't let one ruin your day.
We're going to double overtime... Midnight Mayhem! Grab some coffee!
TUMBLR IS FOR TUMBLR!!!!!STOP SHARING ON TWITTER
Almost time to go home....Thank goodness! Oh and tomorrow is Friday!
Can you combine it with a charcuterie?
Please follow back. Don't want to loose you!
enjoyed being interviewed by ...great questions ! thx tyler malone !
Say YES! to your full potential....Ok! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Can't believe I have to listen to Chris Collinsworth all night..
Furious...just furious
I know, right? I always seem to find this movie...
did you find out tumblr? If not its truecolorsband.tumblr.com
Music can name the unnamable and communicate the unknown..... Leonard Bernstein
If this game would of been in Gillette stadium the everyone in the Cauldron would of been arrested
Boss said dm him our names/stage names/numbers and he'll call us
desire without effort will make you more miserable than having no desire and no effort, from #youarenotyourbrain book.
thanks means a lot :)
RT Be grateful for whoever comes, because each guest has been sent as a guide from beyond. - Rumi
TjMax therapy session with
Thank you :-)
Watching River Monsters and surfing the web. Must be Sunday...
alright, im here. What it do plair?
My daddy wasn't around my farther figure was too short
oh darn <3
I'm behind on current events these days, but damn, John Derbyshire.
well yeah, but I'm talking strictly career performance days. Hamilton trades to Pujols in a heartbeat.
10 more days!
If a woman is not sexy, she needs emotion; if she is not emotional, sheneeds reason; if shes not reasonable, she has to know herselfclearly
When I have a daughter I'll make sure to tell her how much boys love car head.
Today has defiantly been a hurry up and wait kinda day. Ahh the good old times just like r in the army
Im SO HOT !
Working on another design, it will be another concept that very much works effortlessly
Haven't heard.. and I don't expect anything official tonight..but will pass on what I get. Hope you're still singing, Beck.
All I ate today was a buritto from Chipotle
Running home to take care of Will have to listen to the game on the radio.
I Wonder Who Gon Be Here Tomorrow ?? Hm :).
FUCK. cabbie intel at MDW say theyre zombie rash being COVERED UP. NDAs being signed. hysteria. BE RDY.
let's do a photoshoot :)
Hey, I don't know what assumptions you might make of me, gotta be sure.
Someone said that to me before I got married in May. The baby will be here in Feb! Great advice!
Would you like to be featured in our "Signature Dish" series? Just give us a recipe and we'll spotlight you on our site!
I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit ;)
I have to go to school to work on my project.!!! But after yeah.!!!!
Happy Last Day of APRIL.....22 more days of school for me!
Thanks communications team for having us over for lunch today, it was great to meet everyone in person!
Never look back, it distracts from the now.
Does Vegas even have a river?! RT : Just saw 4 people skinny dipping. Yolo Vegas, I guess? O_o"
Yeah man, promo that shit
; ok i'm a put you plus 1 just in case & say my name at the door
We often picture Jesus as a lonely man, but Mark 3:21 says that he had friends. Do you have encouraging people in your life? Get some.
small business marketing
#StirOSU OH: you need happiness, but it is difficult to quantify.
The panda one!
If a guy has a girlfriend, ladies it doesn't mean to still try to talk to him.
I didn't say false imprisonment WAS news and I am well aware of those facts.
Who do you mean?
Exciting things happening here tonight! The LoveBomb Go-Go Marching Band is coming around 9pm! Join us for some comfort food and music!
(AP) -- Romney wins Rhode Island GOP presidential primary
#FollowYou Can't wait!! it's gonna be amazing as always <21
A pleasure and ditto! RT Well thanks. We hope we will be seeing more of you!
New album is AWESOME! Worth the wait!
"Im sorry I broke one of your 'rules'."// "You pee'd in my sink, isnt that against everyones rules?!"
Giving myself a mani/pedi while designing new workshop curriculum. Doing something else helps to inspire my creativity by clearing my mind.
can i get a #follow back please
I hope im lucky enough to get followed by you<3
I would see it for Emily Blunt.
could be where you are sticking it too - the cheap ones are more picky about how they are sitting
if you looked like a boy.. Maybe
And I probably should read one, shouldn't I, so I can be in the know...
That's a sweet start for inspiration. I just pulled the trigger on a much uglier cx500. No style, just stamina...I'm hoping.
dreams is not a sure, realizng them needs payng dues. Jst dreamng is like roling cloud, nevr leavng a trace behind.
"To give beyond reason, to care beyond hope, to love without limit; to reach, stretch, and dream, in spite of your fears..."
def or perhaps some kind of tainted beef
THANK YOU! I've a fancy, two-monitor setup at work, and getting Excel to use more than one of 'em is painful.
Thanks, girl!
Automotive Finance and Leasing for Consumers in Emerging Global Markets
i want a girl niggas be lonely
I'm warning you kid. I speak goose and that kind of language is not acceptable! #austin&ally
Shabbat Shalom!! Recording for new album tonight. Details comin
There is a reason why I don't like girls, perfect example is you
Message from advertiser says our web page isn't cached? Any idea how this could happen folks?
- Which Number ? Just Text Me . QT : hmu if u still dat da numba or I need to dm it
Where are my welcome sign and balloons?
Levante David going to the buccaneers!!
when's the next bruins game?
If you see a stylus with a tablet, they blew it. ;) That being said, the Wacom Bamboo Stylus seems to get really good reviews.
At it again. Dinner in mah belly, back to the Archives At Night. Quiet in here!
sorry this is late but I DVR'd the game this week to watch w/ friends later but gotta tell ya., THAT INT WAS YOUR TD (next time!)
Here comes success. Over my hill. Here comes success. Here comes my car. Here comes my Chinese rug. In the last ditch, I'll think of you.
it's a commitment, hope you're doing well...miss you in Seattle!
Happy Easter everybody! :) Do you guys do anything special with your families? Do you get presents or egg hunts? lol
Oh, you lied to me? How about I lie to the police about who murdered you.
who ever came up with a 5 day work week should be shot! i vote for a 2 day work week and a 5 day weekend! who's with me? :)
can i annoy you?
she said "how can you afford that" i said "how could i afford not to"
At this week, the guest worship leader was accompanied by 3 men of Bonhoeffer: Jacob Dinsmore, Daniel Kim, and Emery Baumann.
TriCaster was shown on camera during Celebrity Apprentice last night! Thanks to Adam Carolla for giving NewTek some love!!
Thank u so much dear Miguelina!! Woohhooo!! Hope that u r happy yourself. :)
Honor and a privilege to be joining legendary coach Joan Bonvicini's staff as an assistant women's basketball coach at Seattle Universit ...
Does NEPAD need to develop projects with different Media houses for it to be visible?
We've had Kauai weather here in Ca over the weekend!!! Feels like Tradewinds and all...
Yeah but without a car, I don't know that it's easy to get to the port in Tswassen
Same :'( 'cause of our school's stupid graduation I'm not even in that little play so yah
you forgot about me! do it before you get outta school bby
we gotta take you on a tour of Pittsburgh while you're here. You should hit up the Carnegie Museum...its near the venue.
You really have no idea. Side note -- the smell before you wash them again. Several times. Obviously.
Come check out the third floor at the Main Library and look at some of our amazing entries for our 2012 Create-a-Bookmark Contest.
That could be because there's only fifteen people here.
I'll happily tweet the link. My followers can handle hot lists, I believe.
Sorry I wasn't following you before! I now have high expectations for links to super sweet cabins.
party is NOT at my house!!!!
#HardestThingsInLife is letting go of the past and moving on!!
Thanks for the hookup with the swag. I'll be rockin it today on The Talk.
Join us on the 11th floor of Thompson Library tonight at 7pm to hear biographer Wil Haygood speak-he's flying in from snowy DC for this!
that one when finished will probably be that side up we'll see of course as the paintings evolve on their own I just hold the brush
Jealousy is a female trait
#bird wisdom :v my address is: thisisminethisisminethitism
guess how many fish fry's sells today and win a complimentary fish fry on the Friday of your choice. Winner posted tomorrow
: Niall shows off his fancy footwork behind the scenes on the tour DVD! Who's looking forward to watching? 1DHQ x
Why is the weekend over?
MICA Painting Chair Barry Nemett opening reception TONIGHT 6-8PM for "Adam's Crayons". Come to Stevenson University Gallery, Stevenson, MD
On a positive note, at least #redsox fans didn't have to wait to see #nickswisher give up a home run in the 15th
Can someone explain the whole eating Chinese food on Christmas? Why dont we just eat Israeli food?
Thanks! And yep, you got it :)
Does this count? We ordered a Passat TDI in '11 but we have to wait til March '12 to get it! RT RT if you plan to buy a VW in 2012.
Ha. Sorry. I saw a license plate yesterday and thought of you... it said "Hey-Oh" :)
Locos on the Destroyers 20 yd line after a big sack and a fumble recovery
playing around with my résumé design at work today.
just back from a recording session for next record - amazing stuff on the horizon! is working some magic!
I wonder if Nevaeh is going to call and tell me HMD..she's probably still sleep tho
Amazing weekend topped off with a fantastic meal so good! Grape & goat cheese salad & corn bread perfection.
Seems like I have done more Chinese weibo than tweets in maybe the past year.
Updating my first novel "Better Days" manuscript. My Editor's absolute deadline of Mid August before her maturnity leave.
That awkward moment when your parents take your joke completely seriously and you end up getting in trouble."
The innovative minds behind just launched "Wine Rack" a social game of wine discovery and learning. Who is in?!
Thank You Lia for My Random Wednesday Gift! You Rock! Merry Christmas to You and Your Family!
Really wish I had a coat today.
i got through that sentence like a subject and a predicate
"Reckless" by Andrew Gross, New York Times best-seller for only .99 on Kindle, just for a few more days. RT
I see Pitch F/X is working like a champ tonight at the K. I'm just going to say Chen's "Called Strikes" are coming in at a hot 99.
I'm tired as fuck so goodnight!
Last night I dreamt I was in NYC trying to convince to play in Dexter the Musical. Hey-There's been worser concepts right?
Dam this is the first Sunday I didn't drink
Love is like a roll that we play
where's mine?!
If I go to bed now I can potentially get 8 hours of sleep! I'm so doing it. Goodnight!
Thanks for the #FF love.
Off to Vegas in a few hours, lotta big meetings, wish me luck!
Never a dull moment! :)
No worries - What do you think of the new interface? We love hearing feedback/suggestions/etc!
HERES TO ALL that doesn't miss him/her, but misses who they USED TO BE
RT A man's biggest mistake is giving another man an opportunity to make his woman smile.
Right. Better to be there in secondary hotel than not at all. Thinking... planning... must go.
Always tired on sunday...
Evil has descended on America.Our nation is falling apart.Communist dictator Obama is stripping away out rights.God help us!!!
What are people doing for Halloween around Madison this year?
people that are blind lmao
Love watching the red carpet at the Derby!
B, did you get my email about the 2012 Miss Pretty in PINC Pageant?
yeah!!!!! Lol and i would mention you an stuff!!!!:D
One of my dreams came true tonight, i met the cookie man. Now Follow me, to make the other come true too. ;) <3
Right? I am so sad about it!
i love the artisan
haha it's not it's cracked up to be.
she might want to get that mole checked out
good my brother!! How are you!
not soon enough lol
Thanks for the update! Checked it out, glad to be out there so people can take advantage of some funding!
:( if u wana cry, cry. just remember its his lose for losing you!
Many businesses are including an arts awareness and educational responsibility in their sense of mission
www.Twittitt.com
Jan is a month to make changes - Resolutions, goals. But it's what you do Feb - Dec that determines if those goals are truly achieved!
Headed to Gonna b a great night. Join us at 6
Most Heat fans RT : what. The heat existed in the 90s?!? Haha
Of course I am!
Made the 1st Christmas tree purchase of the year at the Home Depot in Cape Coral. Will be decorating in a few.
You think because you buy me things it just makes everything okay, but in reality it makes things worse.
#TwoThingsThatDontMix fat chicks and thong's
dang it-I want, I NEED in-n-out burger in mah lyfe! why so far away?!?
#Twitter just like traffic, you don't know who exactly but there's always someone following you.....
"My way of joking is to tell the Truth; it's the funniest joke in the World" --George Bernard Shaw
I like the song Hallelujah the most & by any1 :)
“: Outside Halle Berry who else are some really good actresses????” Sandra Bullock
needs to follow me... Yes?
#smbmad virtually here on the backchannel. Tell Tony to talk slower on the intros
Well #QPR, if you're going to go, go all out!
on my way as soon as I change into something sexy! You are the best! xoxoxo
“: Oh, you're the real Slim Shady? Please... Stand up.” hahahaha
#Little500 is underway. Crowd has definitely showed up now
meet we been putting in some good work together
Huntsman: We are currently in a political reform cycle
Listening to tell an amazing story!
DuBois' analysis of the criminal justice system must be revisited. It was prophetic.The color of the crime determines justice, not the crime
"I just love to overpack" -
Ela R. Bhatt, founder of the Self-Employed Women's Association (SEWA), will address SFS Commencement on May 19. More information:...
Yes, I know what you mean. But he trainings are excellent, and the food will keep you warm. ;-)
A good workout deserves good fuel- bc I've got PiYo yet tonight! Fantastic #trx workout this afternoon! Japanese
:) not much wbu?
Everything she does annoys the living hell outa me. I wish that bitch would just....... Move. Lol
our Q's in '08 and '10 weren't identical, but political soc. networking users went roughly 2/1 for Obama in 2008
I couldn't agree more... I'm counting down the months till next season!
Congrats to for being named C-USA Player of the Week! #StayHumble&Hungry
I thought you were saying my name, but you were saying the word 'Tell'
Oh! YES, girl! Me, too! Love me some decor when it's swanky cush! You fidna add hotel roundups to the blog, lol?!
RT : Six hours ago, there were 4,728 perfect brackets on #TournamentChallenge. Now? Zip. Zero. Nada. NONE.
I'd be happy with that, too. So why am I so worried the Commish will say "And the Browns trade..." at
Thats good lol its hoes out here that cant even remember the first person they fucked
I think Romo is my all time favorite..
Thanks, sweetheart! Turns out you'll be exhibiting with Fresh Arts! ;)
Butt-shots!
The world is blind and you're its puppet , you lame puppets!
What are the 'dying field' today..
can't wait for #Believe !<3
well I have the same problems!
Today is Michael Stipes birthday from the band R.E.M. Share a QWiP on your favorite R.E.M song with your friends & family!
woah I dunno about that! Is pretty great! maybe we're equal?? ;)
what's next?
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
And on the 7th day God created Tom Brady. #Patriots + #TebowTime =
I really know who my bestfriends are when shit goes down
Why was everyone making fun of for her weight? She was still super cute!
Carrefour now with ROBI tic tic taptap HEY
Shoot me your email and ill send you something to listen to! Appreciate it sir.
I'm 100% in support of your new hashtag,
good stuff, that's what!
If only I were young and single. And credentialed. :-) I'll be watching from here. Enjoy Denver!
I have a place by work called Chutney Joe's. While the food is really good, the name is really bad.
damn, just looked up photos. He is pretty fine.
YOU AINT GOT LIKE ME AT THE END OF DAY I AINT LOSIN SLEEP....FUCK YOU!!
16-9. Really just a perfectly played baseball game. Great pitching and good hitting. Bring on Boston!
1 person in Kansas won It all
This Cinco de Mayo, celebrate by inviting me to do fun stuff
I'll give hamburger Mary's a 8 out of 10... I need to go back and try some more of those burgers though
What a weird bears game
Thirsty Thursday! I love college. (;
Need 3 ppl who want to earn $100 today. Must have 1-2 hours set aside to complete the work. Computer with internet connection needed.
Yesterday was so perfect.. and today was good until got my really sad news :'(
i dislike being sick i hope i feel better soon.
you're most welcome. Merry Christmas to you!
Seeing Chronicle. I hear it is awesome!
sounds like an awesome day. let me know if you need a mixer for your new project.
where at
awesome! Thanks!
<U+2763>Love<U+2763> either finds equality or makes it. John Dryden
Will be at the Keystone Conference this week in Hershey, PA! In the area? Contact Kevin for a consultation.
Blues History: Nov 19, 1979, Chuck Berry released from Lompoc Prison in California (tax evasion)
try for smaller things or for larger items.
Had a good day in Baraboo at my cousin's wedding. Ate way too much fried chicken at the reception dinner.Anyways,congrats to the newlyweds!
A Google sztori - PC World Online
Reminiscing on the past when I was 16 & everything was so easy and simple.
So. What's up?
now are u not wrapping gifts at barnes and nobel 'cause u are busy wrapping kittens and dogs and what not?
Also, type 5 reasons why you're awesome with attached stories/examples
GIRL : If we become engaged will you give me a ring??BOY : Sure, what's your phone number??
Not over yet
I love all mahomies. Doesnt matter if your new or old. The point is, we all <3 him, & thats the only thing could ask for.
Hilarious train operator on orange line this morning
awww I wish you were there too! How is Deutschland??
Then drop Kendry and risk the pick up. Or like I said, you have FOUR DL SPOTS, keeping him in one is not that much of a hinderance.
what series is this!?
And I knew that the lights of the city were too heavy for me.
Great house tour fundraiser today in the Detroit Shoreway neighborhood. Lots of people checked out Robert Maschke's sublime white boxes.
Join Team Thomas for Harry Thomas, Sr. Day @ Taft ES fun starts @ 12pm!
Ball game!!! That was a fun and very unusual scoring
#eredcarpet - I am giving best dressed to
Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open.
Nice program!
ronnie and samis relationship reminds me of my friends and her bf relationship......
I'm only productive within the two minutes it takes for my microwave to cook popcorn.
you RT'd me saying shout out time. Not the one I said RT for a shout out lol
Thank you! Have a good day
going to sleep late but maybe we'll hang out tomorrow afternoon... #pinkberry?? Tweet me.
how long have you been together?
Wow! I can't believe this shit! I guess
a PR emergency is significantly different than building loss or the like
Thank U!!!
HAPPY BDAY MI AMOR!! I LOVE YOU !! :D
I from there but I live in Sleepy Hollow. Its like 25 mins. Away.
That is a powerful tweet, a real triumph! Perhaps the greatest tweet ever written!!!
THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT!
RT : It's unfortunate that those who CAN get married, often do not see/understand its purpose or benefits.
no worries. Yeah Boxing Rings are so different from wrestling rings too.
Hey Lance, I was curious how accurate the calories burned were on livestrong.com It seems to be a much greater # than others
"The Inner Light." Guts me. Every time.
Wait....did I miss something? Is it your birthday today?!?!?
you know where its at you can come get it.
is a ballerrr
As if Fergie binned him, we all know that, didn't score enough goals. I know you hate utd but thought you'd respect Fergie
Q1) vast and growing. show beats tell every time. really digging the #infographics trend as well.
When times get rough,hold on,reas more,pray more and expect and wait on ya blessing
reminds me of a fav quote: “Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.” Andre Gide
Guess I should finish my anatomy project since it's due tomorrow.
85 deg. and sunny, and you're not outside? #confused. Grab your bike & head to the Strip for Sat. market madness.
Not OK with this cold weather! Need to move to a much warmer place
Let's make it sooner than later We must plot something awesome to do!
Plan how you will achieve your speaking and info marketing goals. Do whatever you have to do, not feel like doing, to achieve them.
Shout out to kyle lee just did his verse at the Cham and Zero show!
just shaved 15 minutes off best time for a walk to the post office! :)
Just watched that Ray Lewis pre-game speech to the Stanford players before their NIT game...I still have chills.
stay safe beautiful!
checkin out the API. What are minimum iOS requirements for apps to use?
So true balancing hormones is one of our 8 Steps to Aging Younger
Just heard the letter box lp in my living room. Sounds so nice!
hey Mort! Houston doent count when the Coltsa don't have Payton. Sorry---fail.
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?
maybe next year you can bring to spring training as your personal coffee assistant!
I saw it, and I LOVED it!!!!! Congrats...as usual....to Rattlestick!
Thanks. I'll give it a look.
This weekend was way too short. Don't want it to end.
Thanks to our Customers, we are taking Greenwood, one bite at a time...come try a "Hill City Hot"... the record is eating 9 straight...
music+right ppl=connection
i love you too
“: Dearest Austin, Never stop being yourself. Don't let fame change you. :)”
haha that was a fun ass class! was always making videos of us acting stupid.
FNM have Clifford Park booked. Sea of red.
Thanks for your support.
All human power is a compound of time and patience.
Thanks for the seafood summer bash RT :)
RT Favorite linked story collections: Gil Adamson-Help Me Jacques Cousteau >>Good info from someone who reads short stories oftn.
main event! ready for some scoopage afaik!
thanks for the RT, hope you are well and have a great weekend :-).
Just figured out how to change the image of my apps on the new timeline!!!! Yippee!
Tonight's one thing: write a Fahrenheit-to-Celcius conversion program in BASIC-1965, to test the interpreter.
Dispute over Pa.'s reserve fund persists - Pittsburgh Post Gazette
I love 's voice. He's so damn cute too!! <3
yesterday was gorgeous in San Francisco...what happened to the sun today?
Short people have fewer back problems than tall people do
"Where does the time go?" he asked. "Behind you." she said.
. redesign did a pretty amazing job of burying the deposit button on group accounts. It's pretty damn hard to find now...
my first sad tears at work: Maurice Sendak.
Let's make it easier for startups to raise capital, create jobs & succeed by passing ALL pieces of
Thanks to all who made this conference happen! Great content, connections (and hooch)
it's just another manic Monday
Your WORDS are POWERFUL...use them wisely ~ 1 Peter 1:15-16
what's the matterr?
Had fun with the girls.
Brunch! Do it! 2-4-1 Bloody Mary's. Don't forget to also come down to check out the Packer Game tonight at 7PM
Michael, thanks for the follow, look forward to being in contact! Best, Matthew
“: Tulo single to right field”
Happy Thanksgiving everybody #thankfulformyfamily!
Fantasy Football draft in exactly one hour. Can't wait!
Not real excited about the injection for my neck's herniated disc, this morning. I'm positive needles have no business near my neck! :(
There's a lot of empty seats around the #NFL. Do you see the Economy or the TSA inspections as the cause?
said it best, "Forgiveness is giving up the hope that the past could have been any different."
RT : S/O to my newe followers esp might have my fine ass in it posing 1 day haha>>very possible
So brother Peter Peters got two peters and Paul Peters got just one.
Prepping for the InterAct meeting next Tuesday
Tryin to understand
wait so how do we get in it?
Bitch u wattn wit me shootn n da gym!!.....
it's on!
You guys are more like the Celtics "Champions"
im good love..jus chillen and playin 2k12 right now. i really want to meet you in person some day, its a serious must!!! lol
Now that is just crazy talk my good sir!
New week starts soon... why do I feel like I didn't finish the last one?
Where do sick Bumble Bees go for medical care? ............ To the 'Wasp-ital' ! !
love Halloween wknd!
there were pages turned , bridges burned , but there were lessons learned <3
RT : CONGRATS to on the 3rd biggest opening of ALL TIME with $155M!!
Hey there..
Get a room! :D
yupp , you need to see ya sister sometime lol
-- Hosmer's probably the best player ... likely a win-win trade.
P.S. My corworker was talking about your awesome drawing and I sent her the link to you Flickr post. Thanks for sharing!
oh really you play guitar?
Lol.. Close enough! But which part are yu from?
Obsessed w/ Wanna c sum #indy trucks. We have Sure missing sum1...sorry
“For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel’s sake. The great affair is to move.” – Robert Louis Stevenson
Nevermind Cena's busted face... You know it's a badass brawl when Yoshi Tatsu comes down to break it up.
Windows are an integral part of your home whether you are having a holiday barbeque or welcoming a spring breeze into you living room.
ok. If not, its in the 2200 block of Cascade Rd.
Good Morning
I don't know if I missed you or not but I just want to say that your album is amazing and I can completely relate to every song
Rose!!! No!!!! Bulls gonna have to do things without him :/
this is gettin good. Commentator on Sampras after score: "The greatest running forehand in the history of the sport."
Lmaoo ima need all that Memphis Style BBQ shipped to me
I keep thinking about this over and over again. I should of gone for you when I had the chance. But no
Texting buddy?
We out here at Edison's bar and grill in #orangeburg this joint jumping. Lyrical Geni mixtape release party
Thanks for following.
Thanks for the follow and for caring SO much about our vulnerable kids! #CASAofDC!
Lol havent been on here in a while..Whats up?
Welcome to our fellow #Colorado followers!
May the road rise up to meet you...May the wind always be at your back...And until we meet again...May God hold you in the palm of His hand.
It must be true what people say, that only time can heal the pain.
: i wonder which of the "5" wines the stanford study group would have chosen if they had to paid for it?
Hey we have to keep little Briar happy so she'll stay inside for a while longer!
#bootcamp6 just broke Twitter (at least for this building). Yes!
One of the realest nigga I kno frm the hood
why is beer bottle not a refrigerator industry standard? Whole thing is wrecked without proper spacing.
THANK YOU so much for following me!please go follow !itsJADEN SMITHS OFFICIAL ARMY!plz tell ur followers to also
depends on how well you ride your bike. ever go off any sweet jumps?
About to see the Avengers with
actually, I'm vampire hunting. The bus ride is just incidental.
I would say no anyways..no offense but I'm not getting my heart broken again.
Hi there, thanks for reaching out. We're all set at this time.
Kobe is not losing this game. S/N: Farragos has a great all day happy hour on Thursday.
Made it to port Townsend #slog #headwinds #heavySeas #sunburn #safelyInPort!
Ewww robbie just ate a huge spoon full of mayonese
We will be in NYC May 4th- 5th performing! More details to come!
ah dilemmas
Looking to connect with artisans who would consider adopting children one day....
10 miles! Only 15 training days left until the Austin half Marathon!
at the empty bottle in chicago this Friday night releasing their new beautiful record.
DesignerEco Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
maybe I just dig transformers references by random computer nerds. Geez.
“: Leaving CNN after taping a contentious interview with Piers. NBC confirms G Zimmerman's attorney : George & Robert haven't spoken.”
When will teams learn they can't beat with aerial attacks. We're way too good in the air.
Oh I love you I don't care what they say
Call Of Duty MW3 anybody????
Smith breakfast for my birthday dinner was on point tonight
Real Talk: If you identify as Mexican/Mexican-American, do you celebrate Cinco de Mayo? Has it become St. Patrick's Day part 2 in the US?
I like showing people new music. I'm not really sure why.
Or perhaps it's a URL shortened referral to an amazon associates link to get a percentage cut from anyone that clicks and orders...
Book your next hair appointment now, 813 910-2770
It seems to me that the world is on the verge of a major wake up call. It's tough to lie when everyone has a camera and access to the www.
I was once addicted to FarmVille, sadly.
#pathetic RT : MB just called it the Valentine's Day massacre. #blazers go down at home 124-109 to the umm ... Wizards.
Go Bruins! RT That's the kind of reckless effort that wins playoff games. HUGE goal to tie this thing.
Misleading headline there
Barkley believes Javale Mcgee will play well and they will upset a banged up Lakers team.
any words of advice to the people we will be meeting at #NSHMBA11 this week? Looking for great talent for
Thank you for the follow =) You are an amazing person and singer!
Sweating madly and feeling sassy...hot yoga rules!
i dont know your name, i dont care about you
Keep cool with a #bucks4bunks fan and support our cause. Stop by our booth right outside the Pig Racing Arena and get your own.
Yea-looking for you tube partners meaning those who have contracts and have revenue sharing based on views.
Yup, we bake wedding cakes too.
everything for you was a competition. but now it's over... I win.
Did everyone enjoy #AAA2011? Favorite parts? There was a good practicing anthropology presence this year!
Oh my God Rochester it's the middle of April, where was this snow when it was actually winter.
RT : I'm burning up at this cool volcano display made out of lights and flowers
I wholeheartedly agree! People who get paid too much sometimes don't work as hard to produce. You rock!
Come in and get your lashes done at Smashin' Lashes Couture Eye Studio...A wink of Couture.The lash studio for the glamorous
I love when a show dog has a long regal name but the trainer calls it "Chet"
I just saw the uncut video of it!!!! What a piece of trash! Dana has every right to be mad!
the only thing I hear is music desaburre music ...!
#SOMEDAY you will follow me... I'm a #belieber and your my #boyfriend so... #believe that I love you(:(:(:
Polar bears can eat as many as 86 penguins in a single sitting
Michael Sandel that's like asking if its better for ONE to be given death penalty vs. FIVE? Answer=spare all!
So, for the first time in almost three weeks, I got a full 8 hours sleep. Also, my sinuses are finally draining :D Thanks, #ciprofloxacin!!!
Message me if u have any tips for me I wannabe a Goth I'm a Guy
swear to God just saw an exact replica of Carlos at school. yes Carlos from btr. LOL
Dear Internet, I have just acquired #Fables volume 16. See you in a few hours. Love, Sandra
Fail to the victors
could you please go follow !
wondering if I can order a "cupcake" inspired basket? Might you do another custom chocolate cake life candle? suggest room and tarts?
Gettin' gas. Ain't nobody got time or money for dat!
": REVENGE TONIGHT #finally"
"love it will make you a man-it will make you a child again".....love that song
Lol. Just keep watching
what do u do on cam? I think u are.gorgeous!!!
yea I guess 27 rings does make us look pretty ;)
If you want to fly you gotta give up the shit that weighs you down
There's a tiny sleeping tiger on the metro with me- is it bad that I'm thinking of the song from Hangover?
Again..doctor office waiting rooms are the worst. I don't know if it's the wait or the badly patterned office decor with outdated magazines.
added all those now. Also, Rocky IV & Miracle for obvious reasons.
RT : I'm excited =) You should always be excited Cee. :-)
When your enemy hurt you 7 times, forgive him 7 x 70 times. :).
#WhenImBored I listen to music :)
Attention all Intermediate students: broad sword weapons cycle will start on May 5th and go until June 8th. Reserve your spot today!!!
Kramer is pretty much Beast
Going to the Cardinals game Sunday, ride there in style, call us to reserve a Town Car, SUV, stretch limo or a mini bus before we sale out
because you're so cute and I love your tweets
What an unbelievable play by Brodeur.
#teamfollowback i FOLLOW ALL. check my followerS(:
Rachel Crow is so freakin cute. Amazing voice for a 14 year old.
We lead people. We manage stuff. Difference between leaders and managers.
Ready for
you'll never know unless you ask, Megan!
Hey you! How you b?
movie night <3
Rally cap!
Sexy and still sensible, at least with her organic food choices. That's one more reason to love
So I REALLY DONT CARE...I JUST WANT TO GRADUATE AND BE DONE
HashtagBadAssOverHere! -.- I wish.
oh good, thanks. im glad you like it.
I wanna do something different then the other photographers have done! :]
Don't judge someone's choices, without knowing their reasons. Don't knock someone's Glory, without knowing their story!
is on Tahoe time.
a modest 1,000. I'm desperately trying to focus on consistently hitting it!
Had an AMAZING time at The Spa Bar tonight! Another FAB 40 Birthday Celebration!
Shooting with Kale at City Model Management today. Looking forward to some great studio work.
Don't see why L-ville HAS to even listen? Yum Ctr made the poor business decision, what's worst can happen? Bad PR for a few weeks, months?
Just woke up and getting ready for the day.
I am convinced people within 100 yds of Tony Walker Plaza have no regard for other drivers
me too! They do great tatts and their prices are the best.
you're funny sis! Twitting to your shelf.
Watching my cats fight for space in front of the fire
my pack loud, my gat loud, i back out & click clack ! <U+E113><U+E113> pow pow ! <U+E00D><U+E00D>
Proverbs 25:28 He that hath no rule over his own spirit is like a city that is broken down, and without walls.
So tired of some peoples incompetence.
Shortwave Society at the Tin Roof in Charleston on Friday!
Just wanted to say happy new year and say thanks for featuring our story on the blog today!
I almost fainted when I walked outside. Yeah it's hot. 104 right now in Austin. Another record breaker.
Don't just say you are going to change your bad habits, actually take steps to physically change them.
So, has it always been mandatory to have a young child or baby with you when you go to shop at #Target? Because I didn't get that memo.
bout to hit john carter wit the pops
I think we've got her! RT : Did sis take pics of the so called "nap"(cuz I've seen u sleeping!!!)?!
Hey, if somebody wants to give me 5k so I can buy that nice 66 Corvair I saw, I would totally drive by Ralph Nader’s house and taunt him.
I know I'm late seeing that goal but that was absolutely filthy!
I want to put my Van Halen in your Iron Maiden so we can make a Led Zeppelin...
off to NYC tuesday to see my NY Rangers put the hurt on the Blackhawks...then hittin Atlantic City with my boyzzzzzzz
We had a great night! Thanks to everyone that came and welcomed us to the neighborhood!
It's Friday wassup
Really liked Weilands control & mechanics Thought Ross would end up in 'Pen & think Erlin is too small (5'9" maybe) to be starter
you better !!
Yeah, I think they are one of the few that can get away with that.
in ATL was so good last night. making up dance combos to ingrid all week. be ready students.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 61F A FEW CLOUDS
hi ms.slim-all
stop lying I didn't say I wasn't going!!!
RT : First word: Championship
Waste of my time that's what it is
i love moms. they are some of the most caring individuals on the planet. happy mothers day!
Despite the pain of a red eye flight after 3 nights of no sleep, the #getlitfestival was absolutely worth it. Great job, !
Looking for a professional Music Publisher to work our eclectic and extensive music catalog please.
Hi guess who will be home saturday?! ME ME ME ME ME
I grew up with annual JLA-JSA crossovers & the Justice Society revival in the late 70s. I'm a sucker for Earth-2 stuff.
ARC welcomes crews from Tabor Academy and the University of Nebraska to Lady Bird Lake this week!
blue pills... Ha! Maybe in 20 yrs. ;)
mel i miss you :)
Mysterious toys are appearing in the Fine Arts stacks with notes about stress relief during finals. Staff are baffled & bemused.
Ice cream with strawberries sounds really good.
if we had been at a real restaurant I would have sent her tequila shots.
um I went yesterday AND today. Where were you?!
is one bad dude!
you know!!! But it's the thing u told keli first that convo u know
April 28, 2012 Livingston Taylor performs at the Van Wert Performing Arts Center in Van Wert, Ohio. Showtime is at 7:30pm.
just got home from walmart with had so much fun!!
Bag lady, you gone hurt yo back...
RT : “The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.” Ralph Nader
Nice...in my neck of the woods...like that place as well!
Heated seats! New car! Spring nights that are chilly give me this new tiny thrill.
you done made yourself guilty lmaoo
Karaoke Tonight at Karma:)
yay! We like excited. If you're in los angeles come meet us on saturday at ace museum
"Economic Warfare" - The concept of adopting hazardous economic measures (overextension of credit) in generous economics (generous housing).
The whole world needs prayer.
Before you come to Julep or Johnnies tonight, swing by Slate bar and grill and see my man for a drink or two.
everyone thinks they're creative
At Magic Mtn. Today 4 a friends Bday. Ate half a Funnel cake and already have regrets. Funnel cake and orange soda do not a breakfast make.
no just your fine!
Occupy Austin turned away assistance from the Rainbow Family in feeding the occupiers what an insult.
hey !! I like the pumps, yes I am :)
Thanks Margo, had a ball.
Yes i am! ok good. haha Yea im most probably not going to the Concert in Atlanta now...its like 4 hours away. and i can't
I don't understand the big hoopla about Michelle Obama since she isn't the first, First Lady to have influence Nancy Reagan did. Gotta run.
Psalm 21:13 Be exalted in your strength, LORD; we will sing and praise your might.
Jose, aren't you a raging alcoholic too?!
5?! Jeez they're trying to get you on the way out haha
hello. Thank u for the info. The tweet you rec'd was from an automated service. Not me personally. My apologies :)
You are the bomb! Can't wait to follow you!
some actually cheered a vicious cross-check that hurt an opposing player. He was ok, thankfully, but I just shook my head.
We are just absolutely blown away by all the pictures for the MODEL SEARCH! Keep them coming!!! This competition is getting good! :)
#iGetRealMadWhen i see a stupid trending topic like this one -.-
Thanks TaylorMade! Just got a black box full of white balls in the mail.
new job :D
hey guys(:<U+2665> -erica.
I hope. Have u ever got to meet anyone famous over there.
amen! It's insanely hot!
OK got the plan now: we'll just beat you on your home ice (again)
9 months ago Ari became an official Universal Republic artist.
Oh, dreamy!
Woman, a fearful power is thine: / The mission to the given / Requires a strength almost divine, / A bosom that is virtue's shrine... (1850)
Merry Christmas Tweeps!!! <U+E033>
OMG! The model call was awesome at torrid yes
you out there all night?
No problem!
#tweetyourweight 236.2 lbs. Went biking today, going again tomorrow.
I am against Marriage period! Forever and ever, 68% of marriges end in divorce. I love you so much I want the govt involved in our love.
She looks better than Beyonce, Alicia Keys Halle Berry, Miss Jolie, where’s she from? No I.D That girl’s an alien
exactly- it'll be a real achievement when it's learned! But in the mean time- the liquor store is calling haha.
Not true. We're ALL dancing to the tune that we hear emanating from the pages of 100 year old
who is she account? And about what
not to bad it's beautiful out here in mi
I'm pretty sure I could watch that 70's show all day
Well, its a good thing that you have Holliday-esque skills!
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half, I don't want two of you around.
just did.
The Over is 10-1-1 in West Virginia's last 12 neutral site games
One of my friends is a tottallll directionator and she wants me to quuiz her over them, send me some really hard questions to ask her :) xx
Somebody might actually die during At The Drive-In this year....if I go, I'll be watching from a distance.
Already looking up hotels for our next getaway. Can. Not. Wait! Might have to skip the drive though... 45 min flight to LA? Think so...
the beer stuff is for "fake" kobe beef, aka anything not in japan, and the limited movement is more a veal thing than kobe beef
period guide look
Respect the brow bitch!!!!
Today we are singing "I get by with a little help from my friends.". What other songs would be appropriate?
2 new posts! Warm Teal look and Hair Care Tips!
Good morning everyone! I hope you all have a good day. Whatever you do today, be great at it!
If justin isn't following u just ask me ill dm him and ask him to follow u
oh london
It's finally here! We're heading to for some happy hour and a little #NFL Draft party.
Just catching up on your great news, Allie. Congrats and best wishes on your future success.
RT Every tweet that has #beatcancer today raises money for cancer research - going for a world record. Please RT.
I miss you on Smackdown!!!!! X'(
Thanks for the follow. Pleasure to meet you Craig.
"Something sexy" translates to something that covers the archipelagos of bruises on the limbs of the accident-prone & easily bruised (me).
GREEK WEEK BBQ TODAY! Come to Hillel from 2-4pm for fun in the sun and yummy food!
Just spoke to a class at Juilliard. Very inspired to know they are itching to find a way to be more relevant. My answer: El Sistema
but wit a he haha :)
u goin Saturday
oh Ke$ha, your 2nd performance on SNL was fantastic. If only you had the voice to match it.
Tonite played UTube of The Band doing "Night They Drove Old Dixie Down" for Civ War class. Not a single 1 had heard of song, or The Band +
"What are you reading?" "The internet."
OH MY GOSH WHAT IS WRONG WITH US
Thanks for the suggestion. We are actually working with University of Nebraska Medical Center on contet, but not coding.
DUNGEON DRAGON!!!!
They actually did announced a new Galaga and Pac-man, IIRC.
great! It was much needed last night too! Thanks again.
I've got a personal twitter account where I use a photo. But here I thought WW with her fists were best for fighting FOX! C U later.
Great Short Sale seminar @ the Ritz Carlton!
if everyone likes what you're doing, you're doing it wrong.
Have you ever taken a online course? Did you like it?
in other words, as Polonius said, "Brevity is the soul of wit".
"The quicker we can get to that the better everyone will be" -Fourquare's Tristan Walker on
Does anyone else think Austin Rivers going pro is a bad idea?
I sent you a request(:
i hate when I wake up early and cant go back to sleep. Makes me happy....
In the streets right now!!!
So who do you think will win the Superbowl?
I still haven't seen it! :(
Blumenthal: Cyber theft is the greatest transfer of wealth in the history of the world; an uncontroversial statement
last Day was da best day of my whole life And She were the most Amazing Lady I Ever had
Hearing hissing in a restaurant...and I look around like a moron trying to figure out who needs me
5 minutes until half, Japan hangs on to a 8-7 lead
A nun is a creature of habit.
Namco Bandai Takes Top Spot In March Thanks To One Piece In regards to software market share value for March, a surprising publisher took
yep. N64. I used to listen to a bunch of Goldfinger songs just because of Superman.
where @? Maybe we should hit <U+0001F43B>on sat?? Jus for the day
Big Orange today
“: i miss you, and we should hang asap!! :)” ruby!! Yay! Yes I will text you to see what's up this weekend :))
I can safely say without a doubt when I get married im just goin to vegas. Fuck this planning bullshit.
Will give it a try but think I tried that and could not get the background, pic was ok. Will let you know thanks luv.
Who likes unfiltered, old world syrah?
How many times? RT En route to New Zealand. Just passed the island from LOST.
Naked Harry? Yes please! <3 LLN
New Lovely Follower
I can live with the fact that the new version of Seesmic is ad-supported, but not the fact that it crashes on startup 90% of the time.
It is a self expression us Texans says, it all good. LOL
Back in NYC and grinding...and got to hit the gym...
Holy shit G.I. Joe looks so badass
"I have all my self-portraits from middle school, check out the star background on this one" "Die"
watch out for these guys, they are coming Strong!!!!!!
yo add me on the 2k12 nba xbox 360 if you think u can beat the champ kb the beast24
I tried to send girl vibes. But she has 3 daughters and 1 son, so it'll balance it out a little more. :)
at tonight!!!
Especially if you live by yourself... RT Theres a banana peel in my bathroom trash can...hm suspicious lol thats just weird weird!!
I always go with the hitter. I feel there is plenty of talent off the wire that can fill pitching needs, short and long.
no, no you are not. don't do it!
I'm on it now
wait are you saying you 12 ..? right?
Great social media event! Good to see
maybe if I didn't feel so much like crap! Stupid stomach has a mind of her own. Anyway.. Good morning to you!
I guess im going to need a list of everything you've read lol
Mistakes happen …Take notes and learn from them – InSpotter app
Bonfire with tommy in an hour! <3
I really hate ignorance... I promise the English language is not that hard.
I played it the day it dropped ... Where we're you?!
Fresh with their new buzzcuts, Bruins vs. Capitals tonight 7pm! Stop in for a drink and a bite first.
You guys gotta watch Dark Shadows. It's a good movie! Then Naty and I had a MLP marathon. :)
Socks should also have wings like birds so that they can fly. It would be more practical.
Their porn would scare the toughest of men, I'd imagine.
Love creates and 'us' without destroying me!
natl officials wouldn't need 2nd jobs; they cash in post-term. $174K/yr is not "2nd job" necessary, u think?
I miss you baby
it was actually clean when I got done with it thank you very much. Not my fault my swag is on a hundred.
oh yeah that is so true. Haha
Getting ready to hit the gym Hard!
Brand new Cover Wars going up today! What song should it be?!
Just presented with my enrollment mgt colleagues to the #UWSOAR parents about the services we offer and FERPA.
Oh we'll do that soon enough;) lol
Trying to park in a lot will be the death of me
Going Green shouldn't put you in the Red! Call Green Shield Carpet Cleaning for a Green Cleaning Experience of a lifetime! 206-414-1039
Mother of God, throw in Madonna and the Super Bowl is truly too gay to function.
awh <3 my prayers are with your family, she'll be missed. x
Chris Browne: "Dulles is not a fully mature facility. Could more than double activity inside fence."
#i_love_carrie good luck
Your welcome, glad you found a spot
yeah I'm going
I still don't understand why doesn't utilize more often. He is simply the best at what he does.
“: Tweeted this with my left nipple!”....ur so strange girl
At the theaters and trying not to tweet..;)
Next up is Karin on tips and tricks for proposing/designing a new legal research class.
Hecky. Yeah man and you too
r u going to the cornival or what? Lol
Thanks for the
glad you liked the workshop!!!
Win "Dark Shadows" w/ Johnny Depp Midnight Movie passes next on Kiss 97.3
Need help branding your music? Join me tonight at 8:30 pm CST to learn branding tips that can help you get noticed!
i think we might try to hit it up tonight. haha. their marketing ploy worked.
u can say dat
Kieboom with a nice shot to mid-left field, scores 2. #Clemson still on top of #1 #FSU, 8-1 B4.
You a stupid mutha fucka for lettin this thing pass you by.
Creative minds don't forget to check out zazzle.com, a place to customize your designs and work, for others to buy, they ship and pay %.
chill he's a bro
Jenna I feel there is so much kinship! Like an unbreakable bond; like a family! It's a phenomena I never felt before! <U+2665>
Brenda Smith was the winner. Still bus seats and tickets left. Or maybe you know Brenda.
done with the tramp stamp?
You got knocked the fuck out!!... BITCH!!!
Off to the hospital at 11 o'clock at night through flooded streets in a middle of a lightning storm
I usually hate singing competition shows but I have loved #TheVoice since day one! Judges are the best.
could you list to 20 types for us?
alien technology, sing-a-longs, "Fields", and hallway hallelujah with and A truly memorable evening!
Not as of now but as we get closer ill give you more details. RT : ... for a few weeks ... any plans for you to...
not cool man reposting - just not cool.
The Membership Committee will meet tonight at 7pm at GWUL. For more info, contact: .
this girl acts like she moved from paris/new york/fricken milan to texas. you went from kentucky....to dallas.....calm down
Tweetups=in person event that is organized using twitter. Give your social influencers exclusive access and a peek into your world.
Hey ;) How are you?
I love sports RT it you do to!
HAHAHA just do it. I won't judge you. I'll just make sure you never hear the end of it.
Who knew watching a bunch of people study for a chemistry exam would be soo entertaining? lolz
yeah, I think that's why it's taken so long to hit national media. not good for pitt or all other edu institutions.
Twitter's so not cool anymore..
lol maybe....and ok
Lol RT If athletes get athlete's foot, what do astronauts get? Missile Toe Ar ar ar
Time goes by so fast :)
Best. Idea. Ever. RT : Or BTO (Brewers Time Off)
I did think it was more than a little odd that you had turned into a spammer!
Chipped up a little. 14k after first break.
nice! What school are you at?
Good Friday to all! Grace & Peace be yours always, but especially today.
RT ... I'll be opening for the boys! Love em! And can't wait! #NOJUSTICE!!!
i just ordered the youg money ad
Unbelievable!!! Where are the votes???
Gonna get my 300th tweet tonitee.....
Got in trouble at church for having a hickey! Wtf!! Such a hyper critical church
I find it a bit disturbing myself. I didn't read the article, and I breastfed Abbers, BUT this is a bit much.
Eat.Nap.Bowl. Open #ThanksgivingDay from 5 PM to Midnight. Work off those extra calories and go
Any #Detroit print designers looking for freelance work? has a killer project for you (+ great pay!) DM me if interested.
when you say "never," it makes it sound so ... never. give me a little something to cling to.
RT : Check out these ‘pork friend rice’ cupcakes. Perfect to fool your friends and family with on April Fools’ Day!...
met with Jackie Taylor from Black Ensemble Theater. It's going to be a great addition to the 47th ward.
Hand model on set.... Then off to taping of new show!
i know... it's just funny because I used to say the same thing to all of my friends
Now quick headbutt.
LMFAO. I love you.
LMFAOO. i'd rather go to wonderland LMFAO.
now that's an artist. Not the other bs ones mentioned previously
Yhur gonna need me before I need u
It doesn't matter. Do you wanna get beat by the Heat or Celts??
Back in Paris for the weekend to shop the flea markets with clients. If you're in town let me know! Also holding a giveaway later today!
Bloggers are journalists, yes we are!!
RT If I'm going to be successful,I'm going to be successful as myself,I can't be successful doing what other people are doing
Morning folks...
Sometimes, I feel like life isn't all it's cracked up to be. Maybe it's just one of those mornings.
just simple hey can make a relationship and ended with bye
"i swear he was singing like he was deaf" and yes i am in. what are we doing?
vigil: Sometimes it's hard not to pronounce it /VIJ-oo-uhl/.
This headache needs to go away ASAP
Oh good, they are tree trimming on both sides of my apartment. Stereo!
sorry man, read about the show getting cancelled. hope bigger and better things come your way!
wait.. You're wanting to for really buy my iPod? :O
hot dogs.
We'll definitely be back.
Finding a liquor store in the middle of nowhere appears to be a problem. . .
sounds like a good idea. Migraines can be so debilitating!
Evaluation of the quality of sources need to be better: for the teacher and student.
probably likely. still makes the interview interesting to watch for his body langauge, etc.
Urinary tract infections (#UTI) can affect both men & women. They require #antibiotics, so if you think you have one, head to your #clinic!
possibly so!!!! Lol
did you buy a card or credit card ?
...deep thoughts...lol
All 15 Milw Cnty Parks golf courses open officially today at Currie Park with the ”100 Person Swing” tee-off at noon. Join us!
Ima ride for em till the day they put flowers on em
Nice binary between techno-optimism and deep fear at #TED - loving the conversation.
Hey Folks
so I was supposed to read an entire book for homework by tomorrow... its not on sparknotes or cliffnotes.
Huge into baseball as a kid. Starting learning more about game's history. Big into Ruth/Gherig/Mantle, hence, became a NY fan
I did
what am i to you?
Great food at Elesko with awesome company near Bratislava. Great to see again old friends.
Are you going on ?“: I'm a hot mess no shoes either I am a bad packer”
Steak Tonight!
oh ok thanks anyway
FINALLY! Congrats on being old. :D
Congrats! Venture onward!
hey brother, I couldn't find the fuck shit up shirt on merchnow. Anywhere else I can find it
so much fun! Remembering the hysterical crying girl?
Yeah sure, and we'll diss ourselves with you. Seriously We can discuss the details >
you can edit your team up until the first game on Thursday. After that your teams are locked. So if a players team is eliminated
Where my nigga kev at.........got something lined up
Meeting TONIGHT! New members are always welcome!! Meet with us at 6:30 in BH 233!! Can't wait to see you there!
Mid-century is hott right now! Hopefully next time we will be able to help out. Thanks for the mention!
what's good kousin?
i have not been on twitter for a week becouse of spring break so good to be back
RT : Discount Double Check Voided
thanks for the apollo always give me the selena fans thank you very much I love them, always with the message encerio thanks! <U+2665>
He's all bleeding and stuff
. never used his laptop during #lma12. Used his iPad the whole time. Including blogging.
it is
The 28 runs scored in the #Braves 15-13 W over Philly last night were the most since 8/25 last year when #Yankees beat As 22-9.
Watched TI and Tiny last night through early this morning. i need to get his book asap!
My girlfriend just showed up to my #DJ gig!
Fuck you Joey Crawford! Hope you die of a heart attack tonight
make it nasty saw a thick bitch walk past me i said whats hannin damn you strapped gee can i have yo number and hit you after school b lol
Wow! You can feel the powerful emotions in the room at #upstream2012 - Youth Poets are incredible talented and insightful.
SHE CALLN ME AGAIN ND IM GOUN TO HER!
No worries! :)
which world
- N is always the issue. If I had $1 every time someone generalized from too small a sample, I wouldn't need to fundraise.
Great Attitude! YOU are already a Great Mom! :+D
First ever live Twitterview today @ 4 pm with Fletcher Cox, the most common Eagles pick at 15. You bring the questions via Twitter. Check in
Come in yall trey wasnt even on the countdown today text TRE to 79922
Beth Moore live simulcast today started with recognizing K-LOVE & our winner from Joplin!
Too bad the location by Disney closed, but if you find yourself in Winter Haven, chk out Pure Magic Ice Cream. Nutella with Oreo soo good!
damn thats crazy
haha gotcha. I was a little worried that I was missing something!
listenin to becca play line runner >>>>>
& Toy Covergurl we on da way.....
oh noes!! all facebook widgets have imploded!!! i can't even like this...
Gym membership collecting dust? Now's the time to invest in a #homegym - Save on the F7 Fold Away Gym Today!
getting $3.02 for a tip. << please inform me what the hell am i going to do with 2 pennies.
Learned some great lighting tips today in Pikesville
Wednesday practice open to public?
Still waiting for Champps or North Lake Inn.
Jus makin it 2 church w/ da girls.. Good Morning World!
She as got as a fire ant really that's the best thing u cme up wit
Funny math does not add up - LETTER
Wants the Lakers to advance just to see Ron Artest come back all amped up & do the diamond cutter on someone in the first half
we were at sertich the kids take ice skating. Back up north now. Where were u?
awe is so sweet!!
That stomach ache you get when you accidentally rack yourself <<<<<<< 0.o
Thanks ! RT as good as an Amen!
Is it sad that I've taken religion classes yet I don't remember shit?
RT : Im from Cleveland!
Oh it printed like that! The whole section is totally messed up...my bf looks like he's wearing lipstick and eyeliner.
#NewGirl is the best part of every Tuesday!
Are you ready for the HBCU Awards 2012?
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel great to .
Just made my tattoo appointment for next monday !
#rbbp it would be great to have a Twitter class for those of us Tweet-challenged, like me.
when is everybody going back home up there?
I am not going any where my leftist little friend. I can do this all day. ,)
re: time change from Monday's. Of course it would be your sense too since I mentioned it.. ha.. lol <teasing>
Enjoying an Dragonfly while recording. This is nice and relaxed and very much needed!
- a handy little robot that it is!
What's good sir?
I love to feed the hungry. So cum here and eat my juicy pussy! Then u can feed me too
Oh, to taste the salty oils
We know how to part.
dOES ANY BODY KNOW A DIGITAL ANIMATION STUDENT???
Who thinks Artest's suspension would be longer if words "violence" or "war" were in his new name instead of "peace"?
Alex Gaskarth is trending. I'm feeding the fire. :D Also, RIP Elisabeth Sladen. You will be missed Sarah Jane. Skynet's gonna get us all!
Not stressing anymore , just making it worse , letting it rock & well see how it goes :) well always have a spark
#askObama Ans 11b: Need balanced approach: reduce defence spending, tax loops holes and entitlements.
Evolution is supported by fact, its testable. Your perceptions about science are shocking.
Whoa... #grizznation just went ghost.
I can't see why anyone wouldn't love pigeons. They are so silly to watch.
Newman family double feature tonight, w/ Modern Times (Alfred, 1936) and The Player (Thomas, 1992) - inspiration abounds.
“: Tornado hit just north of home. We are safe. Another round on its way.” where did it hit?
I'm truly impressed.
Me too, which prob means we are only seeing HUGE companies and those that spend on SEO
I really do. I have a high sex drive and I like to be dirty and violent.
Very cool!
of course, but the future is kinda exciting
Ready to curl up in a grey sweater
Morgan just farted she just declare our friendship.
interesting that he's changed his tone post Iowa.
Damn you for thwarting me with your hashtag! This war isn't done! I have Comicon tickets. It's ok.
Seattle summer weather in NY all weekend. We did ALL the tourist stuff. Nobody told me this place was SO big.
just saved the photo, will def use for inspiration!
Paul Orfalea a most successful entrepreneur, despite (or because of) his dyslexia. www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAHal48eokk < a must see!!!
what happened to the power in Merrill and Johnson?
Also, niece Kathryn has asked for Vera Bradley for her birthday. I thought you would be proud!
Well, was fun for 7 1/3. Let's go for the shutout now.
congrats, that is awesome. It has been my dream to make an Alf-themed meme site before I die, now I can make it happen.
the Sounders FB page has some sweet photos.
Oct 8, 1993 - Toni Morrison becomes the first African American woman to win the Nobel Prize for Literature
To be fair, I don’t think she’s complaining
will you be in SVL the weekend of May 10th?
I bring my guns to work
They'll make you feel less pissy!
you've got to be kidding me.
SAT Trick for QofD: What numbers and signs occur the most? The answr that uses all that repeats the most is correct! Try it on todays Q
your quote: Its "syncing (me) in more places w ease" & Innovation can often solve problems the user doesn't know they have.
Thinking about speaking at Center For NonProfit Success, again. This time to talk shop on driving traffic to your site (on a tiny budget)
Lightning and thunder 4x, very nice and not very Bay. This storm must be a migrant, doing the job local storms don't like to do.
we should discuss the unofficial launch party for we have a spot in mind.…
Zimmerman to be charged!!!!!
What do yopu do?
let me get a cup of that OJ!!!
Apologizing does not always mean u or the other person is wrong it just means you value ur relationship more than ur ego.
ASk him! RT : Hm I wonder if I could get to let me have a look ;-P
Today = Pretending to live the life becomes The Life. En route to the vineyard, wine glass in hand.
Join us tomorrow at 9 &11 am for "Weathering the Storm - Dance with Life". Lesson: Rev Ray. Meditation: Rev David. Music: Erin...
You need to educate yourself before you open your mouth.
I love my mom no matter what we go through, no matter how much we argue, because I know, at the end, she'll always be there for me .
What's it really mean that Melloy Dodge is locally-owned? It means our company invests money back into New Mexico instead of other states.
off to speak at All Saints Church in Pasadena, with guitarist Paul Viapiano. Gotta beat the marathon traffic...
Congrats! That's pretty badass.
Hot Power Flow Yoga on the horizon.
please follow me :)
Bosh hurt his groin might be out the rest of the game.
Morning every one, hope you all have a great week end!
Ugh, me either. I, of course, hope they win the series. They are rebuilding a/f this year in some ways, thought they start in Feb.
Finishing some epic logos for Action Advertising.
A good 1/3 of the google image search results for "interrogation" feature suspected terrorists! FEAR THE WORLD.
Oracle Makes Case For Exalytics, Data Discovery - InformationWeek
can we get 7 likes by the end of tonight?:)
Looks like a tasty breakfast
Also a big thanks to all the moms who let us see TAP, have them at their houses and not only let us fangirl but do it with us! :'D x
Late reply, i found the cover hilarious. Not that i was expecting an opus to transcend pop music. but real talk, shit sucks.
I gotta do dis I gotta do dat, I gotta go here I gotta go dere...
Well, the Captain, the Radioman, & the Rats will go down with the ship. PS: i like the radioman best.
shot it went by super fast for me!
Your welcome
I'd love to go but i have to b St work n da early am. Man
w/ management booking shows for the summer, where should i perform @?
RT : Starting Thursday if u park at a #DC parking meter that has a red top you will be ticketed or towed
I regret waisting all this money on a shity band that didn't even go ANYWHERE! Fuck it tho... this is the last time I form a band together.
RT : One of the hardest parts of #parenting is knowing when to stay quite. via <- Especially with teenagers!
Happy mothers day to all you beautifil mothers out thurr!!!
we are in Dallas on Thanksgiving?
i wish would wake up n pay attention to this project
Just walked by a mirror
wo0t! app for my iPad 2 is up and running! Just needed new MyServices acct since i moved recently.
Maybe Kim can finally get that date with Gallinari now.
Go see the 15th anniversary show, "Dance Your Story," this weekend! Saturday at 4:30 and Sunday at 1:00 in the McCann gym!
Stop playing nickelback for the love of god NBC
Thanks for the re tweet ! :)
Wow signed to Cash Money records!!! Big move big homie!!
Happy Birthday to my big bro, Ray. There is nothing quite like time with family :)
Tonight at Kilroy's Sports cover is only $5 per 2 people. Well worth it, considering everything is HALF OFF!
Sunny, sunny day... time for a ride. And then some; take my fat tires to Comfort manana manana, back in time for slow-braised lamb Monday.
thanks... you should try it one week... get SWEATY to this!
Nice meeting you, ! Your perspective on auto and tablet markets influencing each other was interesting. Great panel!
On second thought what did happen last night
Do you 'heart' your hybrid car? Or have you found it not to be a good ROI? Discussion this morning.
Doing out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
fuck yes. It's gonna be epic
#YouKnowHerCoochieStink if she still rocking Kinky Twists..
You can't be in a relationship if your gonna hold a grudge, and you can't be in a grudge if you want to hold a relationship
Fellow bicyclists: WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM?! WAIT 'TIL THE LIGHT TURNS GREEN, GETTING TO YOUR DESTINATION A MINUTE LATER THAN YOU WOULD IS OK!
If you want to be a better photographer, stand in front of more interesting stuff. - Jim Richardson
Tomorrow's big agenda item....making homemade donuts.
it was great meeting you as well! sorry for the late response (not a big twitter-er)
#MyBiggestFearIs I won't give up on us. Even if the skies get rough. I'm giving you all my love. I'm still looking up.
My neck killing me right naw!
something tells me some of our presidents have done it...
right... #jets SUCK !
we'll have a limited number of tickets available at the gate beginning at 2 pm
lmao Murphy Lee
what I said was "Oh". what I was thinking was "bitch".
Didn't know this app posted all my concert schedules on twitter. Oh well, at least I have good taste in music.
Saturday night I might be at the Baldwins. I'll call you. Sunday, Mark and I are driving to see my mom and grandmothers.
My dumbass went into work at 11 and I don't have to be there until 5
Night! :D
really wish you were sitting next to me on this plane so I could dust you. Ill tell the fellas at the dispensery hello for you.
realized the muppets have a twitter page. its been a good day.
None to be found with #packers RT : Thankfully, the FM Acro gymnastics team is here to provide some quality entertainment.
you're welcome! Thanks :) <U+263B>
Free Medicine Discounts - Savings up to 35% - Wegmans - LIPITOR -
Revisited this four years ago and are doing so again. Message me--happy to assist.
Lowe is a reliever that I hold my breathe everytime he pitches. Make it fast so I don't pass out!
When we have His favor, we have everything, and we have an advantage for success!
Thanks! Bad news about the podcast being axed; it helped me understand the complex issues of the day. Thanks for great analysis.
. Where'd you get your #oyster fix?
thanks for your continuous support David! I wish you were my parents.
Wat up San Antonio! Just moved down from NYC ...
even on twitter you tweet too much lmfaoo
Sorry for the phishing scam!!! Hacked 35 minutes ago! Boo.
Thanks Mark!
. I don't see his post as necessarily bashing modernism, rather pointing out the timelessness of good... +
Got the windows down and popped in Less Than Jake's Hello Rockview
Follow Back ? <3
Gloves are off! lol RT : Oh, fight, re: the #Browns, between and ! Keep it clean, fellas!
The Sports Freak picked Miami to rep the East in the Finals, but hes got a feeling this MIA-BOS series is still not over. We'll see.
your welcome!:)
Time to go get this workout in!
. - "Dirty Ghosts? Oh, that band talked about." Me - "I knew about them BEFORE he mentioned them!!"
Yea. I've been doing the same all night on Fbook. Stupid people. I swear. 15-2.. Can anyone else say that? NOPE! =)
I remember at one point Mike Brewster was considered a first round pick. That was a long time ago. Wouldn't mind him for the packers though
I miss being at school and seeing him. Stupid doctors appointments.
I'm confused. I have a theory as to why, but I'd best not go there.
Rosendale notorius for that. The gas stations sell t-shirts with a cop car outline and the slogan: "Rosendale: It's the ticket!"
I remember those I wish they could come back so I can go to San diego and watch Rodgers kill the chargers this year
Booked a new headshot session for next week! Becoming unstoppable...!!!
#ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend What...? What kind of fucking trend is that?
We just bought a house
Last day of work for the year. Boom!
Atlantic City's Boardwalk Ambassadors get overhaul with bigger budget, more ... - Press of Atlantic City
What the hell are you doing Corey Hart
Launch date to be announced on soon.........Mad daily deals coming ur way
I HATE KENNY MORE THAN I HATE CAT
gathering new energies...
keep hitting the gym hard bud. No one but you can limit your willingness to work hard.
Cubs get out of the inning with the lead which I'll definitely take.
will do!
Talking about housing subsidies outside my office in the Wilson Bldg.
I swear your like hank FM and 95.5 WFMS
YES. although I think the phrase you're looking for is "activist dickface."
Awe I'll miss you too! I would have come to Avon to say bye, but there's really not a whole lot of people to say bye to.
I woke up this morning to 100 unread texts... all from the same person
Shaft gets pretty sensitive today if you remind him that he's one bad mother. I blame it on his penis.
Happy Cinco de Derby! If I named a derby horse: "Juanita 'nother Mint Julep"
Today's the big day! opens today, come check it out! 2010 Scarritt Place, Nashville (Midtown/Vandy neighborhood)
I totally ROCKED tax-free weekend today... clearance sales, coupons, gift cards. Filled three closets on $28!
I've been to worthington & grandview all before 10am. Busy busy morning.
RT Instagram is now in a relationship and it's complicated.
OMG It's been such a long time since i tweeted T_T
Thanks for the heads up! xo
The new White Stripes movie is f-n beautiful.
I'm on it! The search for the Lonely shoe with a bow is on!!! :)
happy b day
have a donut
Only a couple of pages into Daniel Everett's new book Language: The Cultural Tool and I'm already loving it.
I cant wait !!!
i talked to my cuzo freddie yesterday who it playing ball in asia, i miss him. its been so long since ive seen or heard from him
Can u please follow us!! It's me :D lol
I'm sad && bored.. My bestfriend done left me at work.. Smdh lol
To serve effectively in these end of times requires clarity, courage, power, truth, and purification of self.
which ones? Argue what? There are dozens of process philosophies.
Guys, I'm a badass. I left four minutes early.
that makes no sense.. And why'd you put a pig?
Rendering video files for Vimeo at the moment (13 30-minute TV shows).
Looks like fun!
Y'all are the realist I need to invest in your company I'll be in the UK this summer I need to come to the Headquarters.
stop being a pussy its food.
I'm volunteering!! See you there!
is going to miss the Silver Fox
#GoldenGlobes has the feel of a 70s awards show. Not sure if that's a good thing.
I miss you:(
One of my favorite assignments ... headed to Len Busch Roses in Plymouth, where they ship out a million roses for Valentine's Day.
Thank you for the mention! Happy Friday!
It's fucked up when you fuck wit somebody so hard and they play that fake role like its the same respect back n it's not...
stop judgin me...u see me judgin dat BIG as pimple on yo face.lol
Pop for Punch-Out reference.
One question, do you call that Loser-naitis t-shirt that you had on for WM a shirt, i mean, you get my point right? hahahahahah
Oh how I love to engage in competition. The last one standing is all that matters.
Lmfao I'm resisting the temptation of not subtweeting
"Oh my gosh!" translation: what i say when some moron is yapping and im not listening!
thanks bro! We're recording new material as we speak!
Our pleasure. :)
Web TV is coming and it is time to jump on board with these 2 great pioneers
we felt it too. It was pretty strong!
Yes! We were mistaken. Rodgers was on letterman today.
tha do, why I said look just tad bit alike!!!!! @
if u got eyes look at me now!!!!!
Seriously this is so educational. I'm learning a lot.
I think we know what it's about. RT : "Tartface Throwdown" needs to become a reality show. I don't even care what it's about.
BREAKING NEWS: Snooki Is Pregnant. I wonder if the baby will come out orange and with a pouf.
Dear twitter people I love you text me if you wish
Jusst seen the worst thing I culd ever see
Nah Im excused til tuesday/wednesday
Pah-lease. You both definitely read Gawker and that's not too far off :)
RT : "Improvements in the ed pipeline need to be realized by May '16 to produce 50% college attainment rate by May '20"
It's Sunday & as usual I'm looking really presentable in public right now
GO KINGS GO!
Wow! RT : More than 5100! RT : How many journalists left their job in the last 30 days? (cc: )
Yhu Big In Here
If you're in or around Hermosa Beach tonight, come see , his band and I play Cafe Boogaloo from 7pm on. Gonna be the jam.
Never give s man your money, never give a woman your heart, and never give Satan your soul.~iQ
lol nothing we were playing :P
All I Want is to go see one direction in concert and meet the 5 boys who have became a big part of my life. Is that to much to ask!?
Who thought it would be so hard to get responses to project inquiries when you're working with a 7 fig budget
has a very accurate opinion of my day to day activities
.........Time to work on my Music Pressed package-H-The- Movement
where's the protest now?
I hate the cold!! Anything under 60 is to cold for me
<U+0001F602> you are so mean! That poor child!
I'm used to lots of #bullies. Still, I don't like that.
I extremely dislike how my friends are friends with my ex.
Congrats to on the new gig at the Herald. One of the best follows for everything #Patriots!
“Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there.”
I am happy I decided to enter my local Toastmasters Club Tall Tales Speech Contest. I just won! Next week, I progress to the Area Contest!
Sweet! RT : We're proud to bring you our brand new single. Pretty Little Thing on our website now! www.thekicksrock.com RT!!
Thanks for the shout-out! Hope Monday is treating you well!
4th of July at laughing Buddha! come in and get some sick ink and poking done. we have new jewelry in.....x
Praying that im one of the 400 mahomie to get to meet and greet in new york!!
76% off a massage at Solutions Modern Massage. Retweet if you could use a massage!
lol y you feel sorry for them hahahahaha some can work it out
are you on wheel of fortune!? Because I am so good at that game.
thanks for the shoutout!
New goal for 2012: more shit talking, with less words
lol and I can't help but laugh.
Can't wait till my !! I know is excited.
From May 1-14, Green Valley Lib will feature exhibit consisting of 6 decades of artwork of actual ETs (aliens) drawn by/for people abducted.
Something I've always wondered... when there's a dog in a novel, why does it ALWAYS die? I don't even like dogs and I cry every time!
There's a goal. All tied up now #Avalanche tie it up @ 2 with 10mins remaining!!
I need a recommendation for an inexpensive, ez to use video recorder. Is #Flip the way to go? Never bought one, need advice.
ok boo
RT : Varick & King. 11-3 - A perfect day for a fancy grilled cheese!!
5 years later, I've joined Foursquare...and I think I like it? One things for sure, Yelp and I are so done.
Our view: we want gov't OUT of our bedroom, Dr's office & house of worship. & back dealing w/economy & national security.
my godd id rape u
Was there Friday morning and some guy came over and told us we were talking too loud. :(
1:16: TODAY WORKED ON ON A NEW CUT OF MY LAST FILM, THE SHOTS PLAN FOR MY NEXT FILM, AND THE TREATMENT FOR THE ONE AFTER THAT.
Follow me/unfollow me/Follow me again. Isn't supposed to stop ppl from playing these games? Here, let me block you...
we're wondering the same thing! Hopefully we'll have an answer for you soon!
Does anyone really though? :/
All time low <3
I'll say it again!! I Love My President!
No problem at al l- and thank you!
Willard will say anything.
“: dear haters, i have so much more for you to be mad about. #justbepatient”
You might think I'm sweet and innocent girl, but baby I can rock your world. You see a halo, well there just hiding my horns.
watching mammoth- haunting
SOTI MobiControl Delivers Premium Mobile Device Management Support for Samsung Galaxy SIII
OMG, the #WWDC Apple announcement is TODAY!
Leonardo DiCaprio is the most beautiful creation the sweet Lord above has ever put onto this earth
Hi Jessica. I'm looking forward to reading SHADES OF GRAY, on my PC. I am impressed by the realism in your book!
"Gilly" is the "Whitney" of SNL sketches. Wait, which one did I just insult more?
You're a fool, its must see TV! RT Is anyone else as excited as I am to not watch Ocho & Evelyns new wedding show this fall on VH1
Choose your #SM networks strategically and leverage others to drive your "home base"
I wish she was here with me right now
So many choices!! Hm...garden on the far side of the Plaza, looking @ everything: pool, fountain, buildings, & a good book.
LOL 4:25 AM -- i awake to Adam crying out "big farts, mommy! Big FARTS." and so the day begins. thanks, thunderstorm.
You are in our prayers, Nick. We need you! Speedy recovery and divine health.
Jumped out of bed and turned my computer back on for this.
“: I just inherited an embarrassment of purple riches. I'm in purple all summer. #bleedat #TCU” ...and winter lol
Beyond tired.
Thanks a ton! feel free to share it on twitter and facebook =)
Start your weekend off right & come by the Farm tomorrow to pick up our strain of the day; Super Silver Berry! Have a great night Farmers!
I admire people who wear their hearts on their sleeves. At least u know what ur dealing with from the start. Life`s too short to pretend
Finally all caught up with califonication
unfortunately many schools do not offer afterschool enrichment as this would help provide students w/ access to create videos
I shouldn't have looked at the AK tax info for 2011! We made nearly the same amount of money taxing cigarettes as we did taxing mines.
Just scored a new logo design project. Woo Hoo! Now I will have to run out and buy that $20 logo software from #BestBuy LOL
I wonder what (if anything) OUP is actually paying to "hire" these scholars.
I live with NCIS and walker texas ranger reruns-24 hr NCIS marathon on now-
RT : Tuned in to the Dove Awards patiently awaiting the performance of .... Love them.
I wanna grab your ass while i kiss you
The music industry needs to stop recycling the same repetitive pop bullshit every year. I heard this song in 99 and every Spring since.
Did you notice that you now need armed guards to tour Organpipe National Monument because the Drug Cartels control it? Great job Napolitano.
131461112 we've never talked before, but that should change. i like your account
It's opening night for the Columbus Clippers! Who is headed to the ballpark tonight?
Good ol' giving the R2i guys some manly fashion advice yesterday. Black sox & sandals. ( )
We've been kinda under the radar recently, but don't worry! New EVERYTHING coming soon! Just knocked out a killer bass track! Stay tuned!
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and <---FOLLOW6
*Cough* *Cough* i'm sick as hell :-(
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal
EVERYTHING WILL BE ALRIGHT IN THE WORLD AGAIN TODAY. returns!
Watching Along Came Polly
foshow am going to check you out but we looking for a beat make for the team so if we like what we hear we talk
that's pretty badass And so graceful
It's all happening....
Listening to basketball on the radio sucks ass! Fuck you traffic
Ah yes. I remember the days of almost being run over by one of these people... and I have a couple friends who did get hit!
The MLB needs to revisit the suspension policy for pitchers. Suspending a guy for 5 games and then he doesn't a game is stupid.
Opportunity is like Easter. It's out there hidden and ready to be found! But if you wait too long or find it too late, it stinks!
Road trip to Philly for and wait!!!!
Can we get down on a personal level
u deserve it
thanks man. Feels good to get back on the road again!
Seriously, how valuable would it be to be able to avoid broken hips, sprained ankles and slip and falls at Target?
We just checked, not trending anymore! Boo for dead politicians.
I know, I'm sorry too. I think we're on at different times! She's 3 1/2.
my mom told me she really was the granny from hansel&gretel and she fattens kids up&eats them.
It's too hot! I wanna go to the beach naked!
Not sure why 'subjects' matters. They're in the movie driving the plot.
he's so hilarious! he goes under the blanket and says "dear God please forgive me for calling my mom a whore." hahahaha
Don't blame US. HE asked the broad question.
I just pulled a Britta at work.
So does that mean you'll be visiting numerous Good Wills this weekend?
Thanks for the good work that you do. Keep it up! Jorge we'll see you at tonight's LAUSD Redistricting Mtg.
Michalko summary: data is the next frontier fir commercial publishing. Humanities is the new big data.
al brown 14 south rowan 0
Work out time....
What's next in delivering experiences through labor specialization? #p2p #sxsw Is the theory of the firm dead?
thanks for the follow!! Your kay mason foundation is awesome!
y r u there
Why can't i get a THANK YOU for the gift i gave to you ):
Hey Jeff, for which event are you looking for speakers?
I seem to remember one in SLU. Can't remember what street but I believe it ran North/South.
You cant let fear keep you from caring about someone.
#turnmyswagon is awesome!!!
i whip my hair back and forth.
Clement Price of Rutgers University at the podium discussing race, identity, and American museums
A little red wine, some sauce, and some linguine with white clam sauce. Soft and delicious. Makes for a good evening at home.
RT : RT : Twitter niggas the only people on earth who'll say 50k is struggle.
the Sebring handles like a dream RT Carpooling to work with Please call me Mr. Ohio, moving forward
Bob Dylan's singing sounds like me insisting I'm okay to drive.
Doing a trad jazz session for Aussie TV w/some heavies. Leroy Jones, Don Vappie, Tom Fischer, et al. These cats sound great.
I love me a good face mask!
When I text you and you don't respond <<<
XD Oh! THOSE kind of tassels! Those are not kinky, and they are acceptable. *Nods* I approve. You should make me a scarf.
Happy Easter everyone.
I knew this would be a demanding club lol
Thanks for the follow RFP. I also manage the Tweets for #SEWIFMA. I am sure you will find their commercial focus of interest.
There's a pretty good one in Leichhardt on Norton, few blocks N of Parramatta Road
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool I wanna see sum FIGHTS
Vacation is almost here-- Heading to Portland in the morning!
god I love you
couldn't do it without you sweet pea!! :)
Did Twitter disable the ability to copy/paste links from tweets from their site?
If you are looking to buy tax free weekend stuff...the new Best Buy on Poplar and Ridgeway Loop stll has stuff. Not nearly as many peopl ...
We'll take 'em any way we can get 'em. MT : I signed up when I saw there'd be sushi cc:
thanks mike -DavidETE-
RT "Don't wait. The time will never be just right" ~ Napoleon Hill
great job Jim
For those wondering I'm at a free aloe black show. This ain't no footrubbin music.
taking this late lunch out on a gravel road and into the country. i'll find a spot to admire nature and food <3
When she kisses you your knees shake and you know its only because she is the one you love and she is everything that you wanted
I came up with an awesome twist for my new story on the drive to work today!
dude yes!!! i gotta visit you in the 'verse sometime!
Done with Muay Thai Training, Car wash. grab some lunch from Chic Fila...time to relax my body for an hour and nap.
doesn't mean anything. I conversant with summer and she in ATL.
ill battle any1 set the arrangements
New recordings and a new shirt design coming soon! Who is excited?!
Howdy cuz! Hugs.
All creatures lookin god 2day in the sun a spring is sprung.
That's what I'm talking about, work next to a Tequila bar lol
i will when i see your bitch ass
Stop holding on to stagedy ends clip them please don't it doesn't look good when the hair is long and thin!
Lucky charms are so good.
Goodbye, world, I just got Max Payne 3.
yeah. they stopped around jan/feb. don't know why it stopped or why they started again. hm. very strange.
Happy New Year Everyone!
Happy Hump Day to all! The weekend fast approaches, ye haw!
So true, steaks, burgers & dogs... the grill was still hot so we threw on some chicken breasts for grilled chicken salad.
Road trips are soo boring....all I see is corn fields
Need to go grocery shopping
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ Of two evils choose neither.
anxiety attack. being having way to many this week,
Knock KnockWho's there !Artichoke !Artichoke who !Artichoke when he swallowed his yo-yo !
this summer finna be dry so I'm just gon focus on getting back into siuc
let's talk Jacob into that first
it's really pathetic when is one couch cushion away and he messages me through gmail
Now playing: Angrezi Beat by and
Rain, no problem... Indoor it is!
So happy to wake up today and see 24 million monsters is #1 TT!
#Brogrammer s watch out. The oldies are crying about us. I'm flexin, goin off.
How did you know that's what I'm making tonight? Well, I'm adding baked chocolate chip cookies for dessert.
please follow me please!!!:D
follow back hun
": “: I retweet so many of 's tweets”because you're both gay" love you too Ben
I guess I can fully pay attention to FFXI now that D3 is down.
In order to feel anything you need strength.........
AW my baby set up a dinner with my close friens:)
true story
Just let me have you!!!
lovely! Thanks hhhehe
I just wanted to let you know you're not alone of thinking some guys are girls..I'm now a victim. :(
My legs are getting tan>
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it. Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
with 4 different men & I said to him "what is this, Assclown Inception? is this a dream?" :) of course over his head
Joan Jett returned!
#fridayreads Calvino's Cosmicomics, Mann' Death in Venice, and lots of journal articles about Indonesian libraries
Goodnight Beautiful people (:
Pizza and X box with my bro.
#ReTweet If your on Mid-Winter Break!
damn i really couldn't get a followback huh??
This just announced! Lt. Gov. Robert Duffy will give the Commencement Address at our ceremony on Saturday, May 12, 2012. Only 105 more days!
I was think 730 too because I don't want to be early and Idek yet imma look tomorrow wby
i heart your sassiness!
Just now noticed that my #facebook posts have been defaulting to just my Family list! #wth?!
"Courtesy Kit"--I even love the sound of it! Will keep u posted. Would love 2 c u in April 4 the project if u can swing it.
People want change as long as there has been no change. - Howard Fuller
me too...headed to Madison that is!!
hahaha - perils of working with large pieces of art link is ALSO perilous (and broken). :-D What's the correct link?
Who will go down as greatest? Garnett, Allen or Paul p? I go with Allen.
Tomorrow Beanpot! Join Pabst Blue Ribbon “show your superfan colors” Monday, February 6th from 5:30-7:30. Find out how you can get a...
My girlfriend has lost her mind.
Happy National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day to
thanks for the mention!
#NDSA 2 set record straight, James Snyder, LC MBRS, said 'All digital preservation is physical preservation' not
That train line is my least favorite thing about this neighborhood.
. and started speaking in incoherent sentence fragments. (2/2)
How much you charge mane???
bagel club in paccar commons. do it.
Ever heard of a "bob wow"? Best of the best, worst of the worst
Definitely make a copy for yourself!!! I did!
gotta go..time to go sling some ink..gotta do this mon-wed..bouncing at the white horse lounge thur-sat..later
It's amazing watching you follow your dreams and end up on Ellen today :')
Thanks for "not *too* evil" LOL!
he has toned down and doesn't do party pumps before the game. Ha.
Who sucks more? The assclowns who follow to promote the creepy #Justhookup, or the No-talent-assclowns who say "follow for 1,000 followers".
Congratulations to Dre and Dee! Dre is our new Promotions Director and Dee is our new Public Relations Director
Good Q. I'll expand in a blog post.
My boss always told us, "If you don't know the answer, ask a superior instead of being an incompetent ass." Ok, maybe not in those words.
Hopeing I get that #badassbikeframe from my Friend. Thinking about taking on Some Bmx challenges when I get all the parts for it!!!
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? Can you help????
if it makes you feel better, I still get that too -- and I'm 28!
Friday the 16th
You mean to Fayette County?
I want some Curry Shrimp!
Akon Birthday bash is where to be in Atlanta, VIP baby. Xtamina Energy Drink do everything big!!
dark skin niggas burn bacon
dinner with = epic success return trip = epic fail. 4.5 hrs and 2 trains later I'm still not in DC
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory like the soundtrack to a July Saturday night.
When your apostrophe comes out as &#39;
Holding everything in is hard, holding it in around you is even harder
no brainer for me. Pulling for lee. Sergio pulling for Chavez jr for the payday I'm sure
#15peopleIlove My mom and her mom and her mom and continue that till you get 15!
Rooney off, Berbatov on. Come on Berba!!!!!
Off to a great start to the week here at Lone Star Delivery & Process. Check us out online at www.lonestardeliveryonline.com Your #1 Courier
lol. I forget I have this acct!
Visit LJ/SLJ booth for info on our Ebook Penetration Reports and Patron Profiles - chocked full of all sorts of hard data on...
Cool... Maybe 10 o'clock on Sunday? I'll think about where to shoot... The motorcycle was just an idea for a future project.
This coffee...just isn't doing the job :/
wahahhaha !!! Im good how bout yah !?
More and more jealous by the minute of all the "I'm at beerfest" tweets...
to you as well old "Evanston" friend.
Just spent the last 2 hours watching the incredible Mr. Depp play a vampire with my daughter Jessica...what a great Mothers Day
Your so mean.
So Romney wants credit now for "saving the auto industry." Do you think maybe next week he will want credit for getting Bin Laden?
when we talk you just cant get lost in his biq beautiful brown eyes tryinq to be goffy and silly ! just to kute ! verry nice day
7-4-83 Tulsa, Magnum TA and Hacksaw Duggan b Ted DiBiase and Mr.Olympia for Mid South tag titles.
Who's the one man who can turn the predictable nature of the with one appearance? Welcome back
9 hours...time is also an issue
I shoot low 40's on most front nines then mid 50's on the back nine, any advice on whys this is happening. very frustrating
I sprayed a mosquito with mosquito repellent and now he'll never have any friends.
When you lose, don't lose the lesson. When you get the lesson - you've really won.
find us on #facebook ! www.facebook.com/tijerasnaturalproducts
Dude that is flat out sick!!!
toes? Idk about all that
CONGRATULATIONS TO So happy. Can't stop crying. Love them so much!
funny and fucked up thing is theses niggas are gettin on.....IDK
Mental strength = not cutting ur workouts short! Your only cheating urself!
I will say it again to all of you...WELCOME TO HEAVEN MY FRIENDS!
follow and please :D x53
.... turn that shit the fuck off and shut it down right fucking now.
Intro to Book Publishing class, how was tour? What rare books did you see today?
Join today post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure. Post all your highlight tapes you have on youtube on our site
#HappyHour at runs from 3-7pm M-F. Come in for $3 wells, Discount Drafts & $6.25 Guinness pints!
Creative Animal Relif radio show airing every Wed at 7pm ET time www.blogtalkradio.com/creat... new topic everyweek!
Then what does this lead us to infer about Texas?! :O
awe hope ur ok now
Thank god my room is in the back of the house!
you just keep getting cuter mr man!!
wats up guys imma be on for a while so anyways who wants to chat?
hi lol u added an extra R in my name :p
Sick Will Smith lookin ass!!!
thanks for spending your afternoon with us! :)
Patriots got the Ball at the Broncos 44. Brady passes to Branch and He Fumbles and Tebow is back with 1 seconds left. They gain yards but...
It's an extra large 7-11 coffee kind of morning
Tried out some moves over the weekend via on cable (ch1) n man, I'm still sore! You have to check it out!
Got to get started on gardening project. Tend to the land!
"And what am I supposed to make of this nonsense?" - Me, today at MoMA...every five minutes
Got a mood ring!!! I wish red was Fan (Mahomie) then it would be red all day!
The old ass Mortal Kombat movie tho > nobody likes watching it with me );
DTA is my new motto. DONT TRUST ANYONE
Is there a better smell in the world than walking by Garrett's at Dearborn and Randolph?
The weather is participating.
but yeah if he's otherwise fine (no excessive scratching), then it's probably just him being a dog.
#thismorning I ran into the most wonderful people from church at starbucks
Word from Tokyo: our friends at Kokokusha Advertising are all safe, including satellite office near epicenter. Our thoughts are with them.
you know what would have happened if Ghadaffi's killers had been able to take Benghazi consider that too ! 600k+ would've died
The more city service apps the merrier! All working towards a common goal of more effective and efficient service!
WooooooooooooHoooooooooooooo! Unleash The Fury!
They allude the young ones are getting MLIS right out of college, without work or practical experience.
I like Andre and CJ2K
Great to be in touch! thanks for reaching out.
I stopped drinking soda and stopped eating French fries one time for 6 weeks. Lost almost 15 lbs.
absolutely “: Are they also expected to check facts? The jury is still out. ”
So the little boy upstairs from my mama decides to walk in the house and ask for a pen
yo you dumb fool but I'm down if is. So what up tim 352?
And it wasn't even on silent so it's going to be going off all day tomorrow until I get there at 3.
What's up world!!!!
I'm sorry, but I don't know what happened with WSJ. Is it about Amazon?
Awesome! :) RT : Am loving my revisions! Here's hoping I still think they're good tomorrow!
album 16 tracks
my latest follower--I am obviously being punk'd by someone :)
YOU ARE THAT GOOD LOOKING!!!!!
What if we're wrong?
he'll stay in the NHL. Russians don't really wanna play in the khl after they've played in the NHL
Sometimes even fairy tales come true; that's the story of me & you. <3
there is, but it's pretty limited. I've been playing with and Just wanted to see what else is around
Wow, I wonder what happened to my going to bed at 8 to stay awake for taks.. i'm becoming too lazy to even go to bed. :L
are u going to CD release party Thursday?
Twisting my words will get yo ass beat!!!!!
you coming down for fringe? I think we can make that happen?
Mary, the movie Bodyguard was my very favorite, and the song I will always Love you is my all time favorite!!
sounds great!!
Did you know that food takes seven seconds to get from your mouth to your stomach?
I do and get what I want. Kay? Kay :)
I just won one of the free tickets to see The Creators Project with perfomances by the Yeah Yeah Yeahs and James Murphy of LCD Soundsystem.
The sky isn't always blue.The sun doesn't always shine.So its okay to fall apart sometimes,but always remember 2get up again.
rush limbaugh's gonna have to lay off the twinkies to look good in his ss uniform, unless he's just slumming in a white sheet these days.
I noticed. VT is a cool state.
Hey douche bags trying to be a aLittleLessDouche.. do yourself a favor
Please follow us at - We can then discuss your server. ^SW
Hard to believe it's almost over #icon12 rocked! Time to take massive action!
wow that is so depressing.....
Have fun!
im sending it right now.
Happy #RecordStoreDay, As if I needed a excuse to go record shopping. Hoping to find Uncle Tupelo 7" set & Grace Potter's Live Sun Studio LP
yes! RT : What needs! RT : New Asian restaurant "Fresh 50" coming -> former Spinelli's -> Gay & High.
Shoutie?? I would appreciate it <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
Music is the universal language of mankind.
its okay, I speak slurred words too.
lol! Sucks you don't like her. I'm assuming you're not rooming with her next year though right?
i cant take it kno more! im CRYING cause u dog died i wat her to come bak!:'( </3 <3
Off to get music and a new guitar! Yay!
can I get that autographed copy?
It makes me wonder if they have heard of #MySpace. That was a
less than five. <5 hope u had fun! :)
Another day, another dollar.
A website said he turned down the offer because it was a pay cut. I feel better about that!
READY FOR BAMBOOZLE?!
a.c. on music on hell yeah im sleep good tonite!(:
That's Crazy Man , im left speechless :D you're Good . Keep Going ! <3 we'll do maybe one feat one day , who knows
Yadier Molina made a mistake, you guys.
she's beautiful, just like her godfather!! Hahaha!!
I'm glad it's raining. It is so much easier to get some work done.
Hated Latin in High school, but as I look back, it was the most worthwhile subject I took. I deduced what "intransigent" means w/it.
Do you really think that some red neck in Virginia is sitting there going: I was gone vote for that Obama fellow, but now that he came out..
Can't believe I am #moving to #Arizona this week. I have no idea what to do with all my winter clothes.
Chone Figgins is the Walmart of Baseball Players.
. your family is in our prayers!
LOL. I still ask my mom and dad for money every now and then. LOL. Enjoy the time with fam
"Morgan you better stop! I mean it I'll tell erin!" I thought I was gonna flip her outa her desk. did you see me?
Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch make me RICH!!!
Stumbling is not falling.
Hope you can participate in our Groundhog Job Shadow Day Feb. 2nd to show kids opportunities in your career field. DM us. ;-)
When a girl tells you about her problems, it doesn't mean she’s complaining, it means that she trusts you.
Can I get a: what! what!
Overheard on Manhattan subway: "Me and my boyfriend met at White Castle".
It's Barry Switzer's 74th birthday and #OU still #sucks!
i only wish it was fresher data
Hello? (-.0) I woke up in the middle of the night.. Might as well do another fact.. fact #9: Ive never actually gone up the attic in my ...
you should give #heroku a try. It really takes away a lot of the pain. I've had a very good experience thus far.
crickets “: raise your hand if you think Obama is "evolving" on same sex marriage + isnt yet intellectually in support of it.”
Lorne House Eleven » Blog Archive » Making money with Foreign ...
I get that too! (not from the Mirror though)
Indeed, I think it was a Gamma(alpha=s, beta=1)
I don't what was more boring tonight #Raw or #StanleyCupPlayoffs?
Seminar today! Full breakfast & plenty of hair extension training! What's better than a full belly & a way 2 leave ur 9-5! www.drwiggys.com
I know you probably won't see this, but it's worth a try; it would absolutely make my day if you followed mee <U+2665>
Shane Mosley is punch drunk. Golden Boy should retire him before he gets hurt
thx for the rides today and for your energy at the #fairshareoxy action. You are awesome!
Last hour of ALL the Hours approaches and I'm actually nervous -- how will Mike pull it all together??
Ukuk, member " yea in ma white tee " lml :o
Its been a while twitter haha, havnt really had time to visit :) busy day today and work later! X
Let's get a cheering squad out there 8am Sun #LaJollaHalfMarathon Corner of Del Mar Heights and Camino Del Mar
I love how your sticking up for your friends:')
Any bars/restaurants/retailers in the Baltimore area want to participate in the Mo' Movement next month? DM us! We'd love to have you!
Comen up to the skoo to get my homework
if i remember correctly, i paid around $300 for a ticket to see him at the Bowery Ballroom in NYC which is TINY! so amazing
Just touched down in Hartford. Nothing but bad memories of this place from my time in the BE. Good thing we're leaving it immediately.
Stoked for SEA RT A LOT of energy pre NYC premiere
I did 'Absolutego' the other day. Just building up my stamina for an all-day marathon, switching tween that and 'Leng T'che'.
Seattle Wine Awards Deadline April 1.
why you dont like my team babygirl its all about the
Thanks for following! cb
I'm a general co-chair & preparing registration & other logistics. I'll DM you so we can get the panel on the full program
where at on your phone?
wow that drawing was terrible.
oh darn i ment most. Of ur quotes written in my binder
Do you need Air Conditioning service In the Dallas area call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
It officially opens at 5:30.
The Lucy one is so cute!!
watching step up 3
LOL. Mind you, us older gals still have it goin on.
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world. -- Heather Cortez
crying at #TVD omg its so sad
Practicing keys.
band related.
No one worry hipster hero just entered the room long bored in hand
ha!... I remember the movie FLUBBER staring Robin Williams, well I'm get the Greenish/Yellowish ones, SO I can DOING!! DOING!!. DOING!.. lol
Rebelution announced Florida dates with The Expendables and Passafire yesterday.
is a freakin ripoff. They'll buy a $50 book for $1.25, then sell it for half the original price. Very disappointed.
it sounds about 100% more interesting than this degradation of the English language...
got get them tickets them tickkets :-)
I hate this class. So much. #headache &
..going out 2nite!!, gonna shake it right!!, gonna pay the price, cause i work in the morning........
I turn 20 in a few months so I want a rock opera not just a birthday song this time around...
RT : Join Alvarez & Marsal for the 2012 Payments Think Tank Event in Atlanta on March 29th.
I created this account about 1 hour ago and I feel like I'm just talking to myself.
Take care K!
no like I just was messaging him & he randomly replied (: ahaha
RT Should note that Aquilani isn't coming back to the Premier League unless Juve decides not to exercise their option.
Mr. Personal injury Attorney are you on Social Media? Do you have a Web 2.0 Strategy? We need to talk now.
thanks for the #FF as well!
Adam is playing at the Beat Kitchen on March 10.
I think it auto-happens.
that's awful!!
You can marry me :))
Welp...who cares! Back to texting my Arkansas brother. Miss our talks.
My new mantra... RT : so true! : Repeat after me: double-opt-in, double-opt-in, double-opt-in.... :)
I love hearing the birds chirp when it is still dark out!.Yes..I've been up all night & I just did the dumbest thing! I guess we do need z
Time to download more Bonnie Raitt. Love her.
So you just do people's requests and not music you actually listen to?
why am i so excited for Liam to upload his pictures from his vacation at universal fsdlkfsdklf
TAKE ACTION WITH AUTISM-Get the most for Your child or help someone who has a child with autism? intervene sooner than later
The most powerful and purest form of love is found in the relationship with God
lmao I didn't realize you were talking about central I'm talking about orlando
Please I don't feel threaten by you. At all Lmao ;)
At least there will be nobody in the car with me on the drive to Norman to judge me for wearing 2 pair of sunglasses.
is that your quote for the "indiewire" blurb?!
Media's lips to the president's ass
Gonzo is/will never be/never has been top a 10 WR. When have you made a case for Gonzo in the past?
her hips don't lie
well there has to be a winner. That was a stupid question..
I dig the
About to watch a bird banding demo at the
Just finished the compassion 5k representin team flagler hospital!! Ready to enjoy this beautiful day in st Aug!!!
Let's go Heat keep it up, turned up the white hot heat when it mattered. 6:18 12 point lead. Win this.
I know but trusting in God will get it
"Ignorance is a voluntary misfortune." -Nicholas Ling
3 pounds of barbecue ought to do it . . .
's dress is rainbow sherbet gorgeous!! Love it!
please send our #salyardsbengals good luck wishes on their STAAR tests next week!
Be careful not to mess with the balance of things becuz everything is not wat it seems.
what's upside down? I've read recipes breast up & breast down. You're fine!
Seeking a Records Manager in Sacramento, CA! The Manager will be responsible for the management of all project records and will advise on …
Reason #5 to join: As a DatingChicagoland member, you automatically have access to discounts with our partners around the Chicagoland area
Twitter is so messy today
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
RT “: Treasure Coast Linebacker Patrick Jean has switched his commitment from #Louisville to #FIU. Has signed #LOI"
My #currentmood has just been improved, thanks to and his random tweets.<3 (: gotta love him.
RT : Any artistic folks out there? Want to do some illustration work for ? Lemme know.
oh shelbie (;; I will be Fangirling tomorrow at school. :-)
Come by and have a drink with us at The Anchor Bar
#imagine Austin In he Shower 0_0
#brewers injuries aside, its time to get back on track
Ghetto word of the day: Cologne - "Aye, you think you cologne me some gas money?""
ha! no worries.
Expecting a good TrailFactor showing at the Hagg Lake Ultra training run this Sunday morning.
im_sexy_awsome is the user can u goe on meez n i will meet u in im_sexy_awsomes room
Rick Santorum, not impressed
I wanna eat something....Dont know what though
So happy to have given blood for the first time! Wooohooo! ...I need to go lay down for a while now.
Yeah.. I can't do this
sounds intriguing, have to think on that :)
Nation building right here at home. AMEN
nah, you'll have to bring it back just to use it. Or actually you could use the moniker for your NuDisco persona.
Sure thing, shoot me an email at and we'll see how to get you involved!
The Bates family got the hero edit tonight. No crying, no tantrums. Network notes were showing all over that show tonight.
Does anyone watch Bad Girls Club?
Giving God glory for another beautiful day.
I need new people to text!!!...
What's with the Joan Rivers/Chelsea Handler feud? Picking a side is like Sophie's Choice. Become friends, not just for me, but for everyone!
Senator demands that US agency explain shutdown of doctor database
You don't tweet much.
Why do people park so you cant even open up the door to your car?
They are mothereffin' playing! STOKED :)
Who Will Win in the Smartphone Wars?
look at it dummy lol. It says Re: whatever and Body: Stop spamming me.
Come to the B today for a tasty sweet, a burger, or one of our delicious flatbreads!
To find love, you must first be willing to look for it
you need a ikeep
thanks for the spotlight. At roughly 350M of us that is close to 2.2 Billion pounds of trash a day!!!
Julian, Can you say happy Birthday to Zoe! shes one of my bestfrienndss (:
- Forced marriages and early pregnancies can be a health risk and deprive girls of important opportunities. #Norway at
Lol Carlos Lee.
Nothing but good to cheer you up and escape reality. :)
a man and a woman found are dead in montrose. heading down there to get more details.
Usher-Daddy's Home ;) <3
I know! I wanna bring him home and snuggle him but I think he's a free spirit.
"How are the academics in the Mars League?" I asked . "Cucumber buttermilk heartflowers!" he replied.
Gotta be a rebel....
NEWEST!!! Orginal Belkin Micro Auto Car Charger with Charge Sync Cable for (Verizon Sprint ATT) iPhone 4S 4 + Apple A1265 USB Power Adapter
Freaked out by the music in J.Crew. A little too generationally specific.
#letmetellyou , Please walk as close to the street as possible! #notkidding ;)
Looking for a carpenter/artist/builder type who will help us build a smallish custom bakery case. Please contact me at
lemme know what you think!!
If anybody needs prayer or a friend, feel free to talk to us!
Call us for our promo specials 410.513.9199
darn I'm going to miss you during study hall :/ get enough sleep <3
A: You know, I've always been confused by that-Kevin was white AND wealthy-you'd think he'd have been a higher priority...
#DragRace SHARON NEEDLES SHARON NEEDLES SHARON NEEDLES I FRICKN LOVE HER
Solar energy is an inexhaustible fuel source that emits zero pollution and zero noise.
Pindar~ Words have a longer life than deeds.
my best b
I miss the days of catchers in the on-deck circle wearing their equipment.
zoo in Prague?
Protein Balance Found to be Key to Successful Weight Loss Diet
Wayne Greenhaw tomorrow! We have a very special guest to introduce him! Hint: Jacket blurb!
It was.... Soap... Poisoning.... Ah. "ah, I told you not to use Lifeboy"
Thanks! I'm excited! (Nervous too!)
“: you might wanna wear a mask!!! Lol thank you” Got my Emergen-C on deck!
Just heard you all mentioned on HLN, wish all schools had the same rules ....
- ha ha! I need to find pictures of that!
don't root for #Clippers bc of the owner, but that was pretty amazing.
Sorry, we depend on APIs that are only in Snow Leopard and higher.
My hormones are on rage right now, so, small stupid things the Lakers do, pisses the fuck out of me. Come on
wow, I want that back yard hooo hooo lol
great to meet you yesterday!
at home #drinking a bottle of
Did the Giants really want to rely on a field goal in the city of the "idiot kicker" quote? Twitter is over-reacting once again.
Dear automatic flushing toilet, I appreciate the enthusiasm... but I wasn't done yet!
I've got the after lunch sleepies. Must...go....on....
Tryin go out to eat...
So much good going on this weekend. At the 1011 We The Granada,Pygmaeus&TGLH-Fri, Deer Vibes&iLL P-Sat. Artslam&cool Rabbit Show Sun. 17th
yep, thanks! see you tomorrow
What is going on
Nice to meet you and thanks for the follow! Excited to read your #Fashion blog!
Agreed, but I was braced for impact the whole time! Lol
ic ... should be a good time.
going to the LGBT business expo at the Javitts Center. Tweet if you're there.
Thanks! Happy #WriterWednesday to you too
I miss you and Corina! We need to hang out again really soon!
Oh How I love thee
About to meditate. I really need to clear my mind...
RT : On OVERWHELM "Eggs cannot be unscrambled." ~American Proverb
140 characters! We can't fit all the epithets in.
Guess its less then wat I thought it was. Haha played again owell ha
Support #SFGiants push to the Playoffs! Free shipping on shirts until end of homestand against Dodgers. WeBeGreater.com Duck the Fodgers!
the website says not until the last day of school, but idk...
wht r u a guy or girl cuz im a girl
Next stop...Miami...but just for a bit...I AM HAITI BOUND!
They're two of the strongest things in the world The things you do for a woman you wouldn't do for anything else
He's beautiful I love the mixture of browns!
is looking to be challenged!
your the bomb
very jealous of you. Boating is among my favorite things to do. What type do you have?
happy birthday! Hope you guys are having fun.
Your intellect must cogitate, reflect over and over upon the knowledge acquired until you digest, absorb it. Make it your own.
Lmao well hey I'm just trying to make your mourning did it work :D
rough night..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!Tell Sarah i said HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! to her to.have an ICONic Birthday!!!
When they first told me I had the most votes for Most Opinionated i was like tf? Now I'm starting to see why lol
hey! it happens. how is the insanity? have a great weekend!! =)
Welcome to Cincinnati, Devon. I can pick you up at Northern KY airport and you can vent over shakes with me at UDF.
A question from : What's your personal motto? Me: You'll never be 100% prepared when opportunity knocks.
just to clarify, there is NOT a bear loose in the office. although if there were, I have a sweet escape route
Are you guys following ? So interesting!
Designers: What's the last thing you made that you're really proud of? Go!
Gayspeed, fellow discount travelers.
I ain't no heat fan but they bout to fuck New York night up
Ah. Okay. Sounds good :D
no problem sweetheart
Judith Sherman: Producer of the year, thanks the composers! We say, "Thank you!"
"Editors do not make housecalls." Love that quote, Harold Underdown.
So, is Fo Thai still in business this fine morning?
It should be alright. We can't have any more foolishness, lol
Eating a Lean Cuisine and it's ridiculously good.
Life is words words words words, words...
From what I've seen in tributes, Steve Jobs inspired more people than Elvis did. Wow.
The Native Daughters of the Golden West have formed two tug-of-war teams, and propose soon to have a contest. I would watch. Who would not?
I wish followed me
let's do work soon in LA mat 18th-20th.
After a marathon #PSAid season and a mad dash to midnight last night, we wanted to thank all the participants! Stay tuned for winners' info!
Too bad you backed the wrong horse.
yaaaay i got over 500 followers. :)
I'll have a new micro story up this weekend for everyones' viewing pleasure. Hope everyone has a great week. Its off to bed for now...
thanks! We miss you
Still In School D:
agreed. And the speed and the quality hence my notion of learning to-the-power of 'e' - enable, extend and enhance learning
well, looks like ill be going to semi alone!(:
Engagement requires personalization beyond features/benefits. Tell stories about your customers and how your product fits their lifestyle.
Has a cactus ever rubbed up against you?
Love when people hire you to do a design then act like they are the designer ! why did you call me again if your going to do it?
Feng is an Obama supporter?
If only it could be like the first time every time
I wish I was strong enough to lift, not one, but both of us..<3
Thanks for the link! It seems like these are all selections from Princeton titles. Were any acquired as shorts?
And we'll have a NY NJ EC Finals
YES! RT : a trip to BR to see u and RT : Hate that I won't see you in Atl next month.
You can be a slave to sin, which leads to death, or you can choose to obey God, which leads to righteous living. (Romans 6:16 NLT)
i think i want a tattoo on my chest...
Random: Neighbor & I have this "healthy" Halloween competition every year. We are already talking about potential additions for this fall.
I heard Feelin' It. Good job man. RT : Way to go you never let me down bro DDP baby!!!!!
Somebody go pick up so he doesn't have to sleep on the side of the road somewhere in between Vermillion and Souix Falls.
Finally Opening day for MLB... its a bit cold and wet here in the northeast but Yanks played and won. RedSox play in Texas tomorrow
#Appreciating the #true good friends I have. A solid friendship is a rare thing now days...especially in
There's a google docs document out there ppl are sharing the answers on.
RT : I don't get why AT&T blocked Google Voice. You still use your cellphone to connect the calls & they still charge for the minutes.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning why did Mr Luna put me in the 800? -.-
Less Betty, more Megan!
dream?? What happened? Also, how was Bermuda?
RT : Get ready everyone.. “: The site will go live Feb. 13 so let your friends know who love sports.”
Personal #veterans day shout-out to Navy husband + Army dad, encompassing #military men & women who serve so faithfully today. Bless you.
presenting Leveraging Technology Today to Drive Your Business Tomorrow #pbc12. Session in Lyceum/Carnagie in 10 minutes!
Cameras ready prepare to flash
I'm really digging the We Are Hunted app for Spotify.
Wait .. I just realized pretty little liars isnt on tmrw ... *DEAD* .. OHH WAITT SECRET LIFE COMES OUT!! *comes back to life*
thank you!!!!
Just got a new juicer...can't wait to make a green drink!
I Like To Take It One Day At A Time..
And Who Are you To Judge?
how do you get your phone to do that<3
Thanks doll! I do feel better today. :)
!!! RT : I still Fucks wit Hodgson prom lol it was so many Beautiful women There ^___^
in 2 days. At anytime.
Pom for me!
Nice Chocolate!!! Thanks :)
Anyone still on???
i like it, protect ben lets goo
I'm so glad I got to spend the day with my family, including the best mom ever, !
Kinda sucks that I caved....
Mike Carp, Mike Trout, and Tim Salmon; A school of outfielders they would make.
Where is Michelle?
I crashed my street bike going 160 mph & was dragged for 170 ft when I was 17.
which model? Does it have the solar roof??
To be more specific: horror titles
Friends to lovers, forever. Lovers to friends, never.
RT : #FF for your support and amiable, informed banter online!
When I stand b4 God @ the end of my life I would hope I wouldn't have a single bit of talent left & could say:I used everything u gave me
I hate people who make a negative out of a positive situation..
My mom just typed: Sanatorium, oops. Ironic auto correct! He belongs in one!
hi i love you ok
79 year old Korean War Vet saves fights the war of his life to Save His Home - his mortgage lender CITI finally approves
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; Courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference.
So so sleepy but my mind once again won't stop thinking...lol
Oh yes, I've heard this song somewhere before. I like it :)
Could ESPN be anymore obnoxious about the Greg McCelroy pick #atleasthisgirlfriendishot!
Decide what your target market is to build your platform for position yourself for television. Loving Tiffany Cook ISSE!
you truly are a phenomenal rapper. I love you Pey :)
“: I'm sure that drunk guy you hooked up with last weekend really liked you.”
Well I didn't say I don't follow some demented people after all, look at me LOL
Followed you back<33
Did I just see Kristen Bell doing a Kotex commercial? Throw a sloth in there or something..
RT - I got the #Cleveland Cavaliers, Cleveland Indians,& the Cleveland Browns on my mind this morning. #NoPlaceLikeHomeTweet!
how cute :)
Harry Vaughan~ If you cant stand the heat get out of the kitchen.
Pat Monahan of has a voice that hits such delightful frequencies that he can cause spontaneous orgasms. That or I have a problem
i cant befriend a EX. Nope srry. You a EX for a reason meaning. EX out
I never want to compare UK teams. Each one is unique & exciting.
today is a great day...
So happy to hear news like this! I am on the cover of 3 magazines and it`s all about my iNickelodeonShow & iNickelodeonShowSoundtrack!
Windows Admins are needed for rapidly growing company in Madison, WI! Great envrionment, tech training investment, & people!
We can judge the heart of a man by his treatment of animals..Go Vegan..It is the way to be!!
Any teachers have good or bad experiences with KhanAcademy??
Oreos are the worst things to eat if you want to smile within a half hour of devouring
sent ya one back! we're excited
yeah I'd like one of those as well. I do love Fords...best trucks in my opinion as well! I'd have to say I'm a Ford man myself
She said it was love at first sight
#Oomf should text me :]
RT You should try the Petit'Louie on Gold St. I want to know how it is. - Ok, I'll let you know, I'm always up for suggestions.
online store opens on or around Oct 1. Will have opportunities for pros who want to be involved. Email me at .
cool, looking forward to see you at the session #scon12 pls flag me down to say hello b4 or afterward
I wish nic's ex would disappear. She's really annoying and so neurotic. I hope she creeps my Twitter. this one's for you little miss!
I was just about to turn shallow and then I had to go get inspired and ish -_-
Breaking Necks Since 2004
at April's sales pace, it would only take just over 6 months to absorb the current supply of apartments on the market
When you're sitting there with your pants around your ankles think about all the shit you want out of your life and flush it away.
Too bad horses can't grow moustaches!
To my East Coast friends stay safe and hang on tight. I will keep you in my prayers.
Drinks with the girls at Bistro 31
Happy Valentines Day Amanda! <U+2665> <U+2665> xoxoxox
Brown Line to Lakeview. first to look at some gear, then for some #Spurs football. #COYS #thfc Beat #Newcastle!
Thanks, glad you like the coffee blog!
RT : Hello everyone, happy to be here tonight for #Smallbizchat with on mobile marketing.
About 69 percent of our trash goes immediately into landfills. And most landfill trash is made up of containers and packaging. Wait for it..
I have an Aunt (from TX) that used to send us puff painted sweatshirts for x-mas for like 10 years in a row. Ha.
From those trees that are just the right height, apparently.
I think we are all ready for that
“: #KateWinslet is such an amazing singer!!! Guys, you gotta buy "What If" by Kate on iTunes!! #Winslaprio <3”
it was yesterday, but so much fun! Def worth a Sunday trip if you're around!
Yay getting a hamster :)
#bizforum Enabling collaboration within org & tap into expertise, knowledge & innovation oozing from your employees
Busy is an understatement. Not enough hours in the day.
im excited to see where i end up on there =P
The makers of THE CABIN IN THE WOODS will be happy to learn that their film receives the Dr. Jahnke Seal of Approval.
Douglass Gibran (Director, Writer, & Producer). Follow me on twitter
I need to get into bed. Enough of this shit.
you know it! In fact, I've gotten so good at sleeping that I'm actually asleep right now. And tweeting. Fancy :]
Toddlers have toys, Kids have bookz, Tweens have Facebooks, Directioners have Twitter.
Watching movies when theres only 25 minutes of class...
And here I was worried that they'd run out of ideas after MFHM 26.
Omg they tell all follow : )
I dont wanna take them off
#TigerBeatLovesASW All the way! ;)
Success is defined by reaching ones goal, and reaching back to help the next reach their goal....Don't stop short of your success.
I wonder if Baylor's team helps mark crosswalks when they're not on the court.
LOL...negative. I'm
Open your mind to new ideas everyday
When I was a shawty, I saw a U.F.O. It was shiny, oval, fast & stopped on a dime. I thought about it, maybe it was a being & not a ship.
WI election results on Tuesday foreshadow a loss in 2012. People want fiscal sanity.
Well, I can finally cross off "Take a hobo shower aboard the #Bainbridge Island Ferry" from my
#fuckyou and the lies you told.!
oo i'm intrigued. can't wait to hear what the changes are!
Ruthless is an understatement!!! I'm so sad I'm working and can't come get shwastey :-(
sounds worth it!
I would rather fight with you than make love to anyone else.
He shall cover you with His feathers. We thank you Lord for divine protection everyday. Be Encouraged!
Chicago is cursed...i tell you...cursed....
Visiting family is always nice - especially when you're on you way back home ;)
I wanna cry so bad ..
gym then off to work i go ..are you not in SD?
would you get turned on or offended if chris brown punched you in the face?
thanks! located in Seattle WA
How did Chris Davis get Adrian Gonzalez down 0-2 & then strikes him out. That game just sums up how improbable their season has bren
Sometimes it all just gets too much and you just need a break from everyone and everything.
Okay, I'm done working. Who wants to take care of me for the rest of my life?!
Listening to Sirius XM celebrating Whitney Houston :)
I know I need a vacation when I start pretending the shower head is a waterfall...
Lakers offense looks out of sync.
I love Shirts that are blunt, shocking and disturbing. I guess I'm just tired of all the bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com
“: -->TWO OF MY FAVORITE SINGERS! Never a competition! We had a great time honoring Vanessa!” y'all was sangin!!
im not a huge racing fan, but that shit is badass!!!!
Spring Cleaning/Organizing is here! Are you ready? Call me today (local St. Louis/St. Charles, MO area) and book a session to get your...
say what say what say whhhhaaaat
Im really into this dubstep thing now! drugs help LOL!
Leonardo Dicaprio RT : Moesha RT : Moses Malone RT : Who's watching ?Who are you rooting for?
Dudes who say some lovie dovie bullshit on twitter for a retweet can off themselves.
We'll see you then! RT Couldn't help it, reservation made for 6 this Saturday…
I can't believe Fallon got the Pres to slow jam the news.
How can dm your crush be trending if you have to......you know......DM it??? Just sayin
Are there any interesting magazines? We usually keep a selection of current magazines at our locations.
NNRC is exhibiting at the #Paralegal Management Show, #IPMA, in Boston next week. Attending? Visit us & learn about our nationwide services
I just got home from a family reunion, and it surprisingly went really good. No food was even thrown. Thats always a plus. :-)
Shopping for undies. Where can a girl find a decent pair of draws!?!? Jeesh!
The whole show was spectacular, I thought, particularly Set II. Arrangements were ingenious and unexpectedly Jimmy Webb-ish.
it would be great if you could attach a pdf to an expense instead of just images. bc of the whole print to pdf thing.
I need to die for five minutes, so I know if a God or some shit like that exists.
yes girl he was! And Elyce and Carolyn onopa, Bebe! Lol that's class use to crack!
I'll be amazed if I don't go for a third cup by the end of the day cc:
spiderman 2 stole the plotline from superman ii... but it wasn't nearly as dramatic when spidey gave up his powers...
Is Twellowhood not working? Every time we try to use it we don't see anyone listed. old one always worked; this one not so much :(
I got a job now you know what it is?.... babysitting goldfish :D for 10 bucks an hour hahaha!!! LMFAO! ;)
ok! I already left my house!
Snhu cafe stopped serving breakfast... Nothing Red Arrow can't fix!!!
Vormetric Delivers Near Zero Overhead for Enterprise Encryption
Yuck! Last night's coffee!!
Catch my group, Walk East, this Sunday at the Green Mill 2 PM
gonna cost you an arm and a leg, probably...
My heart has a complete shut down..
Thank you so much! You're so sweet! :]
my bed gave me stage 4 back cancer
Based on how many organ parts James is laying down, you'd think we were a prog band.
Tension running high in the library as 2 students argue over the stapler. Really.
Glee Cast Are Inspirations sssssssssssi <3
nate claimed to have sent it. Did brett get it? Nate is in michigan, but back tomorrow. I will bust his balls....
I tried on Kindle Fire and iPhone and couldn't make it work :-(
I rather doing my father's (heavenly) business whatever he says I do. Ain(t easy but the savior has us. I go In the hood cause
We are interviewing for an internship for the summer 2011 season! Applicants may inquire further at
I loved the jacket, but needed another size.
Politics? Don't even get me started...that's a subject that could be tweeted on from now until....Fact: They all Lie & we have to choose one
I'm a prime candidate for the gene to receive the drug addict trait...
can I get a tweet for my birthday? :) <3 :D
Having Barney Frank there makes me feel so much safer......What a relieve
I wish I had more friends on twitter. :(
You're welcome - a great event! "Great job by on our #CITEconf app! Social, collaborative, & fun!"
Hell to the yeah.
"He needs to be demoted. He can't pitch. He sucks."
Chilling for some Quality Matters rubric training. Looking forward to using it with the Impact Grants
They Played Frank Ocean- Thinking Bout You on the radio>>>>>> woo
I like rob dyrdeks fantasy factory
What did you think of Taylor Swift's performance of "MEAN" ?
I think the most ignorant thing you can do is negatively judge someone you have never spoken to in your life.
I love your energy! Very inspirational!
nor can one religion
International Women's Day Celebration & Fashion Show is from 2-3pm TODAY in the International Connections Lounge!
seriously, it was a routine to come home from school & check your blog. then you stopped posting and i died. glad your back!
or may you didn't draw it for a kid?
Wed trivia: Who said "Spring is nature's way of saying 'Let's Party!'?" Answer at noon.
I just passed a womans correctional facility .... Where the fuck are we? and Where are we going?
can i have ur fun140 account link
We have #fattuesday specials tonight from 10-close. Come check us out and keep the party going!!
I will commit suicide if Ian Poulter wins The Players.
“: A single text from you can change my mood at any moment.”
We are headed into extra innings, #Dodgers tie the game in the bottom of the 9th 3-3
Go to Australia, its amazing. Or Boston for all the rich American history :)
Davis decided he was going to be a factor for UK this time. Good movement from guys on both teams without the ball
THANKS. You AND your grandmother exemplify the definition. ; )
I understand sorry i think i just needed me time for a bit.
he makes me so happy(:
I wanna be when I grow up
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 45
"This one time? On Facebook.." is the new "This one time? At band camp.."
fashion fades, style is eternal
"Nothing changes,if nothing changes. Thanks Mary Watson, another great coaching session.
so do i! Cuz i miss your loud/crazy self!!
lol I will
#lastfridayof2011 I will be watching and play Almost #NYE in
Where is #gopclownshow (aka #fldebate) online? Seems like "news leader" thinks: HANDPICKED soundbites > FULL debate
Can we make it to 500 followers today? If we do we'll pick 1 lucky follower to win $10 in driving credit. RT and follow by 3pm to enter!
Are we aware of what our cleaning products contain? LOC and SA-8 is the absolute best for cleaning everything and washing your clothes
don't have to be when their introduced...could be more elaborate though out the plot
Still hate rockband.
you ain't lying. I hate it there
How's am I supposed to do that. Come on, think before you Tweet.
Did you know we can make custom MirrorSleeves to promote your company or business? Contact us at for more info...
I would love to meet up with you! Where is the Women faith conference? I would like to attend that too, if possible.
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself. ~Wayne Dyer
hahah stop it!!!
whatever y'all say. I'm still confused.
"A life of reaction is a life of slavery, intellectually and spiritually. One must fight for a life of action,not reaction."~Rita Mae Brown~
CONT when you're injured it's fun to get on with them and just have fun
Getting ready for The Impact of Social Media in Healthcare w/ ! Follow #smwhc + blog recap to come.
Changing people's lives!
seriously. Crazy world we live in.
I heart multiple tweets! LOL
Social Media for Big Businesses (via IMU)
-.- jitt dumb... Lol don't I see u in school?! RT “: Yeaa nikkuh i can read with my ears. RT : See y'all in the A.M
Good seeing you here!
Woke up to a beautiful view of the mountains. Going to be a great day in Asheville.
lol shut up
I <U+1DAB><U+1D52><U+1D5B><U+1D49><U+1D67><U+2092><U+1D64> <U+2665> :D
have ten minuets left of today and than I go home to my baby girl and sleep!!!!! Woo get to go home damn straight.
thanks for the #ff man!
Do you know about #NICU the show? Visit our blog for deets www.knowledgesafari.com
RT ": Someone should convict of a crime without evidence and let her fight for her life."
I absolutely hate having to do a sales pitch let alone a sponsorship pitch. Despite saying that at least I gained a new experience today.
lol damn. most I've had is four. my buddy usually has six or seven.
For the 2nd time in the last year I just saw someone drive off with the gas nozzle still in the car
You did a great job Tae.
#intalent. Great dinner with #linkedin team. Thanks !
Really, if given the choice, would you be watching Celebrity Apprentice or these reporters droning on with no real news to report.
I'm gonna need someone to push me through Target in a shopping cart.
"They should make a nursing slanket" -- something I said to my sister just now
Hi, Stef. does the vinyl come with download code for mp3s? Already ordered it, just curious.
Putting ear drops in a Cat's ear is no fun!!
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds. - Will Durant
Larry Merchant talks in slow motion and it drives me crazy!!! <U+0001F620>
I fell asleep at 7pm and woke up at 1am. Now I'm wide awake at 3:30. This sucks. What is there to do this early?
Mixed messaging. “: Inbox: '100,000 Endangered Species Condoms to Be Given Away for Earth Day'”
I know someone who knows someone who can probably make that happen...
I'm pretty sure... But just in case text me
Happy Birthday (: its my birthday to & we are both Jessie . how neat ?!? <U+2764>
it's seriously on RIGHT NOW on NBC!
Short stories. No books, bro, or I would have sent them already. You know I'm your tireless advocate. Mwah!
I'm bored... I'm never bored
this is retarded, peoplestring is paying me, I got over 900 bucks for doing nothing, so I just decided to do something
rooting for Bones tonight so excited!
W.stickam/serraphfilms.net What we are shooting today....
love you Tim! You make me want to go be more! Good luck as a Jet, take care and #godbless!!
ineed a new ringtone :D Any Suggestions ?(:
Plainfield did good but we couldnt come out with the win against New Pal, county next week
Your account has been compromised (I got a DM). Reset your password(s) and check the list of verified services on Twitter.
cause she came out
I like to watch ducks dip their heads, take their morning baths. Not because it's peaceful. But because I'm a voyeur.
If this bitch doesn't hurry up with my herbal enhancer!
There are no mistakes, save one: the failure to learn from a mistake.
Good Morning!!
Lol i guess.
Why the fuck my TT's be filled with bullshit ass spam tweets,& it be the same bitches on every TT
I just have one thing to say now, EFF YOU CALCULUS.
Cant do none but learn from it
just got home got a long day tomorrow.
posting times and dates for hard rock cafe soon as i get all the info
um twitter i know my tweet was posted thats why i hit the tweet button
“I have decided to catch a Heffalump.”
#Merchant_Services Every small non profit today has to fight for their share of the donation dollar. There is another way...
OMG INSTANT FOLLOW what's his twit name?
yep. Line moving slowly
just read this on Facebook. 2.01? Dude that is motoring!
Big congrats to txd pals on NAVY PIER! Directed by and featuring ! Kudos!
So many things running through my mind can't really sleep smh
Phillip Phillips. What a stupid name. Come on
Remember when playing Solitaire on your computer at work was Taboo? Boy, have we come a long way.
So we take that as a complement, right?
RIP Steve Jobs. :'(
Congrats! That's so cool!
Why do I feel like my tone in commenting on student projects is directly out of Chopped? "Group X. I'm sorry, you've been chopped. Judges?"
This year we celebrate our proud traditions, values and principles that earned our movement an indelible place in
I think it was from a conference in the early 2000s (although I do still have a round SHRM mouse pad that was an HRTalk prize)
50 Shades of Grey :)
awkward moment when you go look at your phone with a toothbrush in your mouth and fangirl over tweeting
Driving on the freeway this evening, was seized by inexplicable desire to sing, and download, "Puttin' on the Ritz."
Thanks for following us Jordan, we look forward to connecting with you!
and this is not the first day pol have came out to support but they have been here on multiple occasion...
did you do it all by yourself?
Actively went and counted since I'm expected to know all the systems for which I have passwords. Sigh.
u r the best thing ever in the world!
"Food, drinks and usage of mobile phones are not allowed in preview rooms" okaaayyy whatever you say.
Failure is not an option. Success is an option, failure is mandatory…
You should talk with David Hunsicker who is running against
wise score?
of course!
Turn on your TV! is gonna be on soon playing the organ!
2 words, people: "veggie straws"
I need to get out of this ignorant, hick town.
I just have to keep reminding myself that nothing worth having is ever easy. Especially for me. I've never given up. Never will.
I'm so tired of this I should've just did it when I had a chance
I love my mentees! Three cheers for Group 4 of the Artist Mentor Program
I think I just found the quietest place on earth and it's not the library? Any guesses? Hints to come...
Tommy I still refuse to acknowledge such a substance with a name.
I think ur friends wanna watch me make love to u.#channel 696969696969
now that it's summer. we need to get us 3 back together.
It SUCKS that the nonpaid mods are more ACTIVE then the PAID mods on !!
In my head, I have already consumed the Thai food I just ordered for delivery. Hmm...mango sticky rice....
Happy snow day Colorado! Siting at home? Throw us a bone. Let's keep it going strong today. Thank you!!!
deal, it has to be by an innocent bystander tho
First experience with . Veggie Pita was great!
Marq alum here Dickie V, thoughts on the Golden Eagles this year? DJO can flat out play. Also who u like in the afc game? Ravens!
Finally getting the library all together. Book displays, bulletin boards, books, posters, yay!! Fun times with awesome library helpers :)
Hey #Teachers! Come get tons of free teaching resources from museums who love you-- 4 pm, Hilton Trianon ballroom 3rd floor!
#IWannaGiveAShoutoutTo everyone that supports local businesses! You guys rock!
Can't wait to get the htc thunderbolt! #new phone
are you there at the parade, Brian?
Of course! Thanks for sharing your GF baking inspiration!
Yea seriously, that and assigning jobs for your assassins
dawhh!! Your soo sweet!! Your my fav love!!! We must catch up!! :)
o.o lol
Hello Monday, new followers & old tweeps! "All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better."
Stop playing with me
That was your Cinco De Mayo & pre Mayweather - Cotto fight TECH update...enjoy my Twitter friends!!
But nothing can be changed until it is faced
I got my cup filled up, we came to have a good time so turn my music high we gonna tear this place up.
returning 's calls is required.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 2
Its crazy..i just passed my grandmoms house..i would go see her but my so called uncle is there..fuckin loser..ugh
What up Bro! Need some tracks...Lace me up!
You tell her bro!
Chris Brown Vs. Trey Song Freestyle
#1 on my list of #ThingsImSeriouslySickOf People who live in the city with #Dogs & let them bark @ kids & bring them into stores, etc
this is a death threat! Ok, bye
I am ready to fix me some Gourmet Hot Cocoa! I love having my own gourmet coffee, tea, and hot cocoa!
but..we..are...a..love..story...no? We need to go to the theatres if I go during the summer. There better be a good movie on :D
Watching the fog, feelin' the fog. Happily zoned-out :) Cleaning house and hoping everyone is having good work day. Especially Kelly - <3 U!
WHY CANT ME AND MY CRUSH BE THAT CUTE OF A COUPLE I MEAN HOLY SHIT.
oh its you:P Haha I thought you were someone else
it needs to!
Shout out to the birthday girl!!!!!! Happy 21st hottie!
oh ill show u the picture in a sec when i find it
Sometimes I wonder what my friends really think of me I think nice things and when they need to no the truth I tell them
bestie I missed you! Hope you're doing great!
early is the new late
Do u ever drive while hanging ur foot out tbe window? Just saw that// And you didn't even honk? Least I'm wearing undies!
My check this week>>>>>>
Thx for the
Never use a metaphor, simile, or other figure of speech which you are used to seeing in print
Luxurious & sensual, sheer materials elevate the style of any room, Hunter Douglas line, you'll find 100's of sheer fabrics to choose from.
Be careful out there people. RT All NYC parks are officially closed because so many trees and branches are coming down.
Ate the chocolate world macorons and it pretty much sucked....has a hollow middle
Have a question about medication? Call Hieber’s at 412-681-6400 or text the word HEALING followed by your question to 96362!
Francona's damaged goods. Year after year after year of soul-crushing, spirit-breaking winning takes a toll.
Love him or hate him, LeBron was the MVP this season. Well deserved.
Ray allenn for three!!!!
Daily GTKY question: Have you ever had something happen to you that you thought was bad but it turned out to be for the best?
omg it was. x.x;; The Ghost Hunter guys were AWESOME. They're so cool and shit. Like, they started convos with us.
thanks dear! <3
Discussing this now!
a big THANKS to all my followers. HUG!!! Your presence is a special blessing ;)
you #fail at life. This movie seems like its going to be intense. I wish you would actually watch it.
Fly fishing lessons from Daddy... I need to get my fishing license now!!
S/O TO MY COUSIN FOLLOW HIM AND LADIES HE'S SINGLE(;
I need someone to tutor me on how to use Twitter. No like seriously, I do. There is no reason why I can't catch on...i'm like wicked smahht.
throw a towel over your head and stand over a steaming pot of boiling water
Not sick anymore <U+0001F44D>
life sucks when you're that great but don't always do great things...you sound like Jalen Rose right now.
round 3 of finally trying to watch Uncle Boonmee. don't know why its so damn hard to dedicate time to finishing this, but i'm gonna do it!
#FF for the latest in #Seattle cultural happenings and generally all things awesome: flavorpill.com/seattle
Oh wow. That was totes the best week for everyone. Love motown & what it brings to the dance floor.
assembly hall downtown! I forget where exactly. It's on April 20th hehe
Just beautiful! "You have a really sweet voice"
Only about $55,000 worth of member items are Assembly Dems. Or a total of 13 items
Thanks for the retweet.
Remember, it is up to us as students to make this year’s Mifflin a safe event, you can still have fun and be safe!
I don't know who this productive woman is in my body, but I'd like to keep her.
Browns fans that don't like all white unis need to look at 86. They wore all white at home
added a few new "videos" to the site www.sinzibukwud.com start planning now to come see us at Johnny's Irish pub Oct 16
Nice to see the Crew lock down Gallardo.
Love this. RT : Just trying to help people understand that we're not perfect. “: love how retweets criticism
you're welcome :)
"e-book"=their name for it. WP-based multi-modal magazine might fit better. Got the draft up in final class. Cleanup to do.
Whats is a Ideas . they are Dreams That Comes From The Human Spirit To Help Mankind Achieve Wonderful Blessing
“: Burning question: Will #Tebow change his dog's name from "Bronco" to "Jet"?” your question exactly!
I'm not tryin to drive...loll...
sorry I resigned, may have been an accident
fans gave us moment to remember at end there. Entire stadium chanting "Na-na-na-na,goodbye." Arrowhead days are ancient history.
Is the other language sed? I think it's sed.
lol omg I wanted to say Hi, but yeah it was kinda awkward>.<
5 Hour Energy: Most convincing placebo in the universe.
that's why we're twins lol!
WrestleMania for 2nd yr is highest grossing/most attended event in host venue - Grossed $6.6M, w/ 71,617 attendance @ GA Dome (via )
yeah!(: sorry or te late reply.
Ugh I miss you..
Hahahaa!!! : Oh, you have a Macbook Pro and only use it for Facebook? You're so tech savvy, what a great investment.
tumblrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr is so cool <3 but its blocked in school.
I KNOW you arent trying to start a fight, Jordy. Let's take this outside.
Hi Best part of my weekend w/ kids was biking to the farmer's market. We got fake tatoos, tomatoes and dumplings!
Just a son of Montague devoud of the only thing I would die for...
Playing that mw3:))
i was just kidding
Mom made me go to sleep at 8 last night so I could get 10 hours sleep. Huh? I don't need that much sleep. Tonight I am going to lock door.
Pulled smoked pork, corn on the cob, baked potatoes, and pasta salad. :)
Ask the young people what they think and u are surely mistaken.
I wish I had the guts to confront people who litter.
LOL! RT : LinkedIn should have a "You have GOT to be kidding" option in addition to accept/ignore. Just a thought.
Awake, but super tired! :/ maybe gonna play some mario on my wii bc im bored. Ahaha :P
Anytime you can bring in Loe against a LHB, you have to do it.
tomorrow is monday.....
Crowd surf - that's all what I really want to si
#llorante he deserved it fought hard till he made it
Muller: World Bank's decision to make data open meant forgoing funds from selling data.
Sound is terrible on the Oscars.
also, I can't wait till I can go up norf with you fools.
I speak for the weak hearted and rejected and not just myself. I pray for the depressed and stressed and not only me. I defend courtesy!
Sylvia Angel's status: Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. ~ Jim Rohn
Goodnight from somewhere in Michigan! Ann Arbor was fun, and anthropomorphic cartoon giraffe women are strangely sexy. This is all.
I swear I saw so many people at Woodworth today (that I knew). I forgot how tall you were, !
MY LAND LORD IS A SCUM BAG.
just downloaded Adele and The Mosaic Project albums from iTunes...real music soothes the soul...
Morrison moves to approve, CM Spelman seconds.
what are your thoughts on OVWs new working relationship with TNA?
I love Cher as well (if u couldn't tell) and I'll be in Philly for a 1D concert May 27-29!
Studio or taxes...I know which one I WANT to do...
Vibrating sounds (against skull) seems like an unpleasant experience for sure... I hope it all turned out ok!
A spider just walked across my desk, like an arrogant asshole. Now he's a dead arrogant asshole. Spiders are jerks.
#49ers All The Way
Starting my 5 day fast in the morning.
I did it
Does anyone know how to set you tube parameters. I need to fit hi-def video into 16x9 format on a website. Please DM.
Wow, I left the TV for an hour and a half, I come back and the Bulls are up 45, wow...
I am So close to enough coins for colors in draw something. So close!!!
Why is a baseball game in San Diego involving two West Coast teams being played at 3:35 on a weekday?
don't get to fight your battles for you!
Like it never happened. Hope you're well.
They're having a laugh :)
post iPhone compatible links and your hits would triple
10 grades that swear there better at everything! get over yourself
Me 2! Where u playing ?
Thank you! We appreciate it. RT Thanks for the follow. Keep up the amazing work you do for our community.
I'm addicted to madmen season 5 I sleep when I satiate myself with enough don draper
It was nice seeing everyone last night we will have to do that again real soon
RT : thank you everyone for making our show super awesome last night!
RT : There just isn't any pleasing some people. The trick is to stop trying. Robert Mitchum
'Act of Valor' was worth every second in the theater!
NEW ON THE SMALL PLATE MENU: Tartare of Slagel Family Farm Beef, Raw Quail Egg, Capers, Pickled Shallot, Rye Toast, Spicy Chili Aioli
My friends are some cunts so I'm done.
Hey my fav place!! is in ACY also!!
Solid choice.
Shittt i been puting may 3rd on all my papers today lmfao i never know what date it is
Happy Weekend! Salute
Thank you for coming in tonight for restaurant week! Sorry about the rain!!
This sounds right up my alley! Where can I get details for this?
#JPMORGAN looted #JaimeDimon is stupid because Banks' money is in pockets of RogueFEDS get in ur company on falsepretense and rob
RT : #Cisco #Cloud Video in Education – What the Research Says and How Educators Can Prepare for the Future: Schools,......
My boy friend is so damn KAYOOT!
Is it just me or does everyone realize how odd it is to issue a press release saying someone else is trying to make headlines?
Decemberism is one of my favorite man Overboard songs because fuck you.
do iphones not have a snooze button?
I LOVE the OTHER Santa Claus Is Coming To Town Video!! I LOve them BOTH!! :)
Yupp. And that 45 line Latin translation!
So pleased with the response to our Studio rapid eLearning authoring tool at LT12 last week. Publishing in HTML5 seems to be the requirement
Looking forward to the day when I can just be a student of the world.
Yeah, we get it kid. Its your 10th birthday. Put the sign down.
Even though I act like I don't mess wit him..
Great snack idea! RT : I love frozen grapes!
thank you so much Melanic. The people really enjoyed you. I hope I can be of help to you in the future.
Learned this from when I was in 5th grade got a zero on an essay and looked at it and told trey...."looks like a titty" haha
We have ties for your fathers day gift! thesilktie.com
he's not a hypocrite. He believes life starts at conception so he's protecting the baby. Make fun of his beliefs: not hypocrite.
. See, Lynne? I tweeted something good. You taught me this many years ago (wink). Tweet something good, you said.
I like this concept. People like to invest in their community and this provides an easy mechanism for all to participate
Yeah I went there back in '98, and dropped in a few times since. Big Library, great tuition rates, and liked everything!
pushed a guy off a bar stool?..haha oops
found some new clothes shops online. great prices. i try not too spend too much for little.
Buying clothes at Nordstrom so I don't have to do laundry
ur welcome enjoy ur day and many more to come
Loving this Giants game! NICKS
It is too early to hear an obnoxious voice. #STFU!!
This Metrobus is filled with people gabbing about the Black Keys show.
Graduation of 2011 tomorrow morning at the stadium at 9am. Come into Saxbys for your morning cup of joe!
=) glitter glitter glitter
looking forward to training when i join.
Email me at I'd love to set up an interview! :)
Still no follow?
make sure you check out our Bridal Show on May 1st. Grooms and Brides! All are welcome! More info on our Facebook Page!
it's crazy man. Can't believe it is done. It seems weird and freeing and all these other emotions
hey that sounds like a plan. RT : Starting the day off with 6 GALLONS of Salted Oreo. Come get a scoop to-go b4 the game!
Checking out the daystage on level 4 at #sxswi. Nothing going on yet. Think it's supposed to be something about customer experience next
: forgot to ask you for blogger's pick and Daniel's pick for May. I know, a bit slow this month!
#FrozenStrawberryLemonade sound good to me
Aww, thanks Dan!
where are these classes? i want in!
I just got major case of mullet envy. It just flowed so beautifully in the wind.
Help me out. Was Mo, Larry or Curly? Over 6' or under 6' tall? Shaved head?
Editor of Oregonian: what differentiates young reporting candidates is critical thinking. Tech skills are assumed.
Had a rough morning? Come see us for lunch. We've got a smiling face and a delicious meal waiting for you.
#MacBook MacBook Pro systems freezing despite video update
Super Bowl XLVI is on February 5th- Tickets are still available for the big game, call now: 888-493-0004
Lol! Shower time!
yourr so pretty! & I LOVE YOUR HAIRR.
#iThinkOfYou all time when im at work
wow the injuries have to be a deflating effect on R and clubhouse
#ThingsThatRemindMeOfGrandpa HAM radio, Crosswords, Roller Skates, Fish Fry Stands
I heard Joe Lunardi just say that and that is not right. If UK is #1 overall they should go to Atlanta
Just finished "The Reeducation of Cherry Truong" by LOVED it! cc:
RT : Check NYT homepage for Tweeted reactions to #stevejobs and #stevejobslegacy, and contribute your thoughts and memories
FASHION INSIDE OUT EVENT MARCH 14TH: Get $10 off your ticket! Enjoy a night of fashion at its finest as apart of Midwest Fashion Week.
Nobody owns that trademark, and you can't copyright a phrase like that. You are in the clear :)
I decided since my final paper for tech writing is about twitter I might as well get back on.
At this point, how many MWC teams do you see making the tournament? Believe it can be more than UNLV, SDSU and NM?
happy mini-cinco-graduation-derby day. someone get me a margarita mint julep w/ a tassel and call it "the finish line."
"Here at we like to focus on our internal processes vs. customer experience. It really pay's off." Said no one ever at Apple.
Had a great family weekend. :)
Covered in Dunn Edwards paint. Calling it a day and headed home to the shower.
"You really should try this place."
Some beach. Somewhere
Did lil Wayne really admit he was gay.?
gangsters dont dance...we boogie
What teachers helped you reach where you are today?
I would have to agree with you britt! Have a great Christmas, see you both when we all return!
hahahaha you should make your own commercial for Avengers ;)
Hope everyone is enjoying the hustle of the holidays. Be sure to check out our Facebook page for a chance to win 50 FREE Cookies.
Who doesn't love Yahtzee? Who doesn't love drinking? Do both tonight with Jimmy Champion at #WestAllis #BrassMonkey 119th & Greenfield!!
#nowwatching Jumping The Broom. One of my favorite movies.
appreciate that fam
Welcome to the hood! Best decision ever.
humph : "Don’t give her that condescending look when she adds 3x times as much salt as you would’ve expected"
If it wasn't for my faith in God, I would have given up by now...#true story
what are you up too tonight
You copied ME, yet you got a higher grade. WHAT THE HELL?!
did you even listen to those Voxer messages you sent? Lol
Ayee' Guys I'm Back I Havnt Been Here In A Long Ass Time!!! Anyways Please Follow Me!!?
Love that little mic flub w/ Ali Sweeney. Was she speaking in tongue?!?
Rick Carlisle agrees to new deal to coach Dallas Mavericks Rick Carlisle has agreed to a new contract with the Mavericks that will
Eating at Ruby Tuesday :)
ugh, love him. If I could I'd marry his voice. <U+2764><U+0001F3B6>
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day!
Bc I damn sure never bit mines
#IWouldTextYouMoreIf my mom stopped reading my texts.
Thanks for the mention!
"build a library of your community responses" - Marcy Massura
It's the day before my birthday & I'll eat a shitload of plain Lay's potato chips if I want to.
Can you follow me PLEASE :) YOUR THE BEST CHACHI :D I LOVE YOU XD. Stay BEAUTIFUL <3 Your an AMAZING dancer. NO JOKE :)
Confession ; my hand sweat really bad , for no reason at all . -____-
Just finished a photo shoot of a house : )
Searches find hashtags... but just for past week. What about tweets for , say, #dcmi2009 or #yorkreg09? Twitter forgets so quickly?
Jesus take the wheel
thanks! I've never experienced anything like that in my life!
Guys #jalli is so real. I'm gonna be tweeting from some more xo.
General Hospital is on. Time to zone out.
On my way home. Anthony coming over. He on his way. (:
Looking forward to the next Partners In Growth meeting.
RT : Accountabiltiy is Magic! I totally agree for Marketing Plans.
Off to this ensemble...What was I thinking..a 9AM ensemble....-_- then to the worst class GLOBAL PERSPECTIVES.....
Hey brosef, when can and I meet ya for lunch someday?
Today's Drink Special: Sweet Tea Collins. Get into it! It's hot outside, but cool in here! Come by and enjoy our games and yourself!
Just saw a commercial for a product called "Sticky Buddy". It even boasts about having rubber fingers.
Stop by Maui Mall tonight at 6:30 p.m., Maui Taiko Group will perform! We'll also have our hula show with Dance Int'l at 1pm on Sat!
you'd think the commercials on #MadMen would be better, out of respect for the art form.
The last wal mart run of college.
jersey shore!
Wow, what's the conference? I'll check w/the ladies :-(
LeBron with a big shot, in the last minute.
because you know...I always talk to the radio? Anyway, hearing my name sure woke me up.
Struggling tournament grinder. Can anyone recommend some good books or training sites for tournament poker. I need help bbbaaaaaaadddddd.
Vote for Landau. He's so classy. Text "vote" to 4801.
Mice and gods by clutch>
I love it! Gotta have a good sense of humor and be able to joke with each other. Makes for a good relationship!
#Itsfunnyhow niggas act like bitches at times
yep...I've been on a twitter hiatus of sorts...nice to take a break
In a planning meeting with a mix of academics and admin staff discussion switched to bifurcated student skills. Thought of
Blackberry batteries last longer than relationships these days.
RT : #FF to She's a valuable learning resource > #FF right back atcha... It was a joy to meet you at #astd12!
...it's sheer brilliance, no? the music, setting, words - to say nothing of the beautiful look of that FrenchFeline ;)
wow baby thank you very much!!:D do you know how i need that song in this moments!!!:( i be sad!:/
Back from #Gym sore as fuckk
Kitties are wonderful!!! Have a blessed day.
The awkward moment when you're waiting for a text, but then you realize you're the one who didn't reply.
Responses mixed to news of sale
"Remember pain is temporary, you can't go through life without it. You will never grasp your blessings if you give in to a little setback."
": Me and dad made a bet. If I get 100 RT's on this, he'll try to stop smoking. #pleaseretweet" worth a RT.
I want to work downtown where I could walk to lunch and a #foodtruck or two!
best tweet today RT : Taking spanish in high school finally paid off cause now I can read tweets.
Bearing surfaces are ceramic or metal on polyethylene for the hip replacement.
That awkard moment when ppl think ur baby sister is ur daughter......
SO EXCITED FOR THE BOTH OF US(:
The walk uphill to is not for the faint of heart--> workshop: Recovery of Wet Materials.
In the morning: get earplugs.
Curated Communities - An Exchange with Jason Hardebeck, Executive Director, Greater Baltimore Tech Council (gb.tc) http://…
nice man, happy to hear this remix on the air! Hope people come check us tomorrow night at the New Parish!
Can't believe that John Oliver is following my tweets.....regardless, the idea is as funny as he is.
you and are related. Lmfao.
Yesterday the #city was so
that's a sweep for L.A. but its gon b bad 4 them niggas 2nd round v.s. OKC
Loner with boner
coz it sounds like a disquisting noise..
Yep!! We will be there!
Oh yeah. We'll be there. I'm just trying to be as busy & out there as is humanly (& financially) possible.
I love comedy because he doesn't have to make disgusting jokes to be funny. Good night with good people tonight.
If you can't decide between a Shepherd, a Setter or a Poodle, get them all ... adopt a mutt! ASPCA
So excited for graduation day. Batch 2012. <3 College, please be good. :)
or longtime friend?
you know I'm yo future ugly quit playin lol
I look damn good ;)
Oh, man...there is so much good food to choose from, it's hard to pick who to buy what from. One of everything, please!
Volunteering at the cat shelter on Sundays is just about the most rewarding thing ever.
bad gateway the fuck
25 players have hit 25+ HRs but no one team dominates - 5 teams have 2 players who've hit that many.
i'm done playing the games you have me playing.. i see the game and i will beat it... im ahead of you. i will over come
I did something I wasn't supposed to do today and thought of you. :)
I eat peppis waayyy to much now
Rape is not about sex. Rape is about forcing one's power and control over another person to humiliate and degrade!
Woo I guess so! :D
want some company or you just riding around your neighborhood
gotta still go to dres house for my shit -.- ughh
the most fun kind of course!
I'm going to get this tweeting thing if it's the last thing I do.
Thanks for the re-tweet!
What flavor of beef jerky do chicks like for a birthday gift
Omg, we have become... the UBERCLIQUE!!!
I wanna be the one to love you.
Primary ballots drop this week Washington! Don't forget to mail them in early!
Francelli's in LB has all u can eat spaghetti on Mondays and Tuesdays for 5.95! But I had the lasagna!
just finished A Dance with Dragons. Now dealing with the gaping hole in my life waiting for the next one.
haha! I feel ya!
come to Fetish Houston TONIGHT :)
Of course, we're currently in the process of writing and recording and getting a solid show down
don't be silly, we don't start scaring you about sharks til June.
is Mallory really in the hospital. Which one?
Another great weekend was enjoyed by Single Gourmet members. There are lots of new singles events coming soon so be sure to join us today.
you are preaching to the choir. WE are lucky in the City to have a lot of spots and small wait list but County not so much.
makes me feel good to know other grown ass women don't iron their work clothes.
we love dogs but would prefer humans only tonight.
I'll be in your house like in 30 mins alright? :D
baby ima fuck you so hard your gonna love it <U+2665>
I'm so bored someone talk to me!!:/
hehe that was so scary!! Thanks liza :)
#TheBestPartOfMyDayWas When I woke up and laid there for 30 minutes.
"To slip & make mistakes is inherent human nature. If mistakes weren't there, spiritual progress wouldn't be possible." -Dr. Abdul Hayy (R)
So that's how u beat Barcelona. All we need is to play 10 and have 6+ in the box to defend. Easy.
At 2am, the iPad is just a really expensive night light.
Thats what you think until you get lonely from him going on 6-12 month deployments.
Quote of the Day: Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see. -Schopenhauer
Devouring Alison Bechdel's Are You My Mother?
Traffic at 3:15pm? Another reason to love the train! I could have been reading.
Y'all are missing some really good music.
Just got caught up on episodes I missed. Seriously...I am completely blown away by this season!! Can't wait for Monday!
Hope you get well soon! #transmediaholluwood3 today is just great!!
Im putting this hair dye on and it looks like cum lol
"Beigneted". I like this as a verb. I also like the image of you tackling Wendell Pierce in the airport.
P.E.M.D.A.S please excuse my dope ass swag.
RT : GUYS U MUST FOLLOW KUZ SHEZ NOTHING ONLY THE HOTTEST BUT ALSO THE KOOLEST YOUNG LADY TO KNOW!!
So I just bought your new single. I'm loving it! Keep the music coming
GHAPFM wants to help you with your Dreams!! Scholarship available now in Two Countries! Submission deadlines March 11 for Canada and...
Signed into for the first time since 2009. Amazing what you forget over the course of 2 years. Who the fuck were these clients?
She's hot, and still hot after babies and stuff. She's married to a hot surfer, too. Her life is hot.
I hate disrespectful kids. I just wanna take my belt off and whoop some ass! That's all they really need...a real good ass whooping...<U+0001F60F>
Over yo fucking hair we was coo wen it was juss us no problems she didn't have to take yo ungrateful ass in
You sleep better when you Hustle Hard..
Lmao want me to lie to you
Finally back from TNR at ! Tons of fun, wish I did better. I will try again next week. And DDR dance offs with @;
"That song is so old!'' Sorry, I didn't know there was an expiration date on music.
You win. My plans for today aren't nearly that cool.
Yawwnnn.. Days like these make me discombobulated
A hug is a great gift - one size fits all, and it's easy to exchange =))
idts, but did you finish that class work???
Well fuck you than you dumb ratchet bitch .
thanks and congrats on new babe!
Gotta love the Brew Crew!!!!! Woohoo
Impressed with Ubuntu 9.10 thus far...next up, installing NetBeans and getting my hello world on
Etiquette question: My beer is gone, husband falls asleep before finishing his. Fair game?
Desinging a new Book Cover for Bishop James E. Wright Jr. - Powerful Man of God!
Jason, it was quite tasty last night. Thank you again.
egotistic sent me!
You got yourself into this mess.
"My brother/sister/nephew knows html" "make the logo bigger"
Niggas always leave they ole lady for something worse....they be losing.
Why do i have to be knocked up with a cold????Why????
Tiger is back!!! Nice win next up
do open platforms make sense? Wondering why trains can't stop where doors meet railing openings.
Truth in comedy, yo. #wishiwasthere! RT : "Don't try to be funny. Try to be real." - master class at
Where were your pants ripped ?:P
awww Id love too thanks for saying I can ;)
Prolly passed josh but
You have a lot of company.
Sycamore Land Trust seems 2 B working hard to B a reasonable advocate for Southern Indiana conservation issues, nice gathering 2nite - - JDG
...would like to travel through the minds of Aaron McGruder Takashi Okazaki and right now.
i miss it too. & i didnt get judged back then
he also has a criminal record.
that was embarrassing ..
Having to go to a track meet at 6:30 in the morning <<<
Wouldn't spend too much time thinking about it. After all, what does the Zooker know about title games or championships anyway?
Home safe and sound. That was weird.
Lips are 100 times
BB: Eagles will face Friday at 10 am in Fond du Lac in an elimination game in the Tournament.
Florida Classic in 2 weeks !!
Feel special. Feel VERY special. :)
Without heroes, we are all plain people and don't know how far we can go.
check it out. Stopped in their North Dallas Parkway store yesterday and their selection and prices kill
What a productive day! Enjoying a night off in Tampa but tomorrow we're rockin' out ! Excited 2 be back!!
We need "the environmental state, not the warfare state." Eric Mann
i heard she wantt da dick !
Clockss is a dark archive, to keep archives in the hands of the community. They use the LOCKSS software for their preservation
Painting... again.
COOL YOUR JETS BRAH
i just love ur website its just amazing!!!!!!!!!!
Good morning everyone! It's a great day so far and I hope you all are enjoying your church services. I have my Joel Osteen on tv right now:)
chowin dwn.gotta headache from hell..
my god is it gorgeous today.
archeologists challange idea of 'first' americans migration from asia...article by Gareth Cook in todays boston globe
the creator of uses ! great way to split dinner checks among friends! :-)
livin the dream! RT : Hhmmm thinking about working from my fav coffee shop again today. After I ride of course
How To Hate is so powerful. I love that song. <U+0001F525><U+0001F44A><U+0001F3B5>
Seriously exhausted... Ugh
You are clearly a visionary. This is how you make a million bucks some day.
(: plus alcohol
Let me know how the china cabinet project goes--hoping to do something similair.
NetZero Message Center
I know michelle already asked but any chance of another letter for myself i sent you an email as well! hope all is well!
can't believe I tweeted our family secret! known by friends & fam as the Madonna Arbys now the world knows why!
the last tweet, didn't make sense. WHO CARES. <333
“: I would KILL to know what the candidates are writing down. Seriously. It would rule. #cnndebate” / mostly smiley faces
RT Yo congrats on the deal YOyoYOyoYOyo!!! It sounds better in NYC. (thanks!!)
Love spending time with 5evan...so glad school has a delayed start today :)
Everyone be sure to Vote there is only one day left in the competition and I need your votes!
I'm thinking 10 games but hoping indefinitely there is no need for a guy like that in the
For a play-by-play recount of the #Huguelytrial follow C-VILLE's own Toby Beard at
We are so bad ass an full of feathers we flock with
Thanks, you a ninja!
technically, every sunset IS a sunrise, because it's rising in another part of the world. :)
Now its working. Ok Does that do the trick for you? Haha
Well done, Colin Firth. Outstanding performance and the most delightful acceptance speech of the night.
Brains over beauty.
come get some fresh vegan donuts from Red Rabbit Cooperative Bakery !!!
I thing wendyt isn't coming back on until august or september. I wonder if she will answer to the kind of questions she ask?
Your going to win duhh!!(: you got this all in the bag<33 #followme ??
#InTheSummer i wanna hit the beach with my babe <U+E022>
im great, and you?
LOL at people in school and I'm laying in bed. Enjoying my day off~
RT : Asbury Agile shirts were from Talk to them - great insight on their products/quality/etc. Service++
Please tell Whip NEVER to compare Kerry Wood to Scottie Pippen in ANYWAY!!! Shame on Whip!
Check out our Backstage Tours Mondays and Wednesdays from noon to 1:30. Call 770-445-7713 or post on our Facebook wall.
Uptown Dallas on the up swing with Perry's Steakhouse on McKinney Ave. opening in April.
i know it will be <3 just throw ya headphones on and leave the world in the dust
Congrats! Looking forward to working with the esteemed Dr. Croxall again.
#Food tip: Anything milk can do, half & half can do better! Cook it creamy!
da fuk you mean you aint got my money yet mafugga - samuel l jackson voice
Pizza. Not, I wish.
i hate this fricken weather fog is no good when you're driving =[
You know you're tired when you wake up and are already planning on what time you are gonna take a nap
yeah...we're ALL feeling them. ;) RT : guys. i haven't baked in a week and a half.
Great job and many thanks to all those behind the scenes today at
There's still space in Malcolm Lib's Internet Class tomorrow at 10 a.m. Come on in and brush up on your skills! :)
Wow, reading the paper and thoroughly disgusted with my state representatives this morning. Considering switching to independent now.
good luck! Make me proud ;)
your stuff looks awesome! good luck to you guys and your clothing co! (: xoxo
RT : Something Real > Something Perfect
We've had a great first year, with many #BESTBOOK selections.
Thanks for the follow Juan!
4,421 US Troops were killed in the Iraq War in the last 8 years. God Bless our Troops and their families for such a sacrifice... Sigma out
Eli Manning is use to having tons of white balls on him.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!{}
Leaning like a cholo :)
Couldnt possibly be any more bored. This shit sucks
HAPPY 2012 EVERYONE..HOPE IT WAS A SAFE ONE!!!
Never thought I'd see the day when I'd turn down a fight party invite. Long day. Really wiped.
"me and snooki...eating cookies...in the library." oh austin. lol
Catching up on revenge , so good..
Get your TonyTat original art pieces. Still have 23 originals left. Need a tattoo design, album Art customized to fit you and your business.
some ppl r so stupid.smh a person life isn't a joke
"Can You Walk Away?" opens today in the Robert H. Smith Visitor Education Center, which is open from 9:30-4:30 Mon-Sat, and 10:30-4:30 Sun
Hurry up football season, it's time for the titans to get a ring!
Anna Wintour spoke to us today, Kim Kardashian will never ever ever get back into the Met Gala! that she never worked for anything in life!
Thanks, Pat!
Ridley wins one for 'Schnell' A bobblehead doll of longtime Ridley assistant coach Carl Schnellenbach sits on the mantel in Jalen Randolp
I think its so cool that one of favorites on JS, played soccer like I do:) awesome!! soccer is my life <3 Tweet back plz??!:) ily!
"Don't live the party, be the party"
definitely will…she's a bigger star than Paula (WHO I LOVE) and Nicole combined times 47
Will be on sale in a couple of weeks...got to make the stuff first! Will keep you posted as to the release date!
getting ready to download all 10 Sag nominated films Thank you Screen Actor's Guild
I looking for a good recipe for vegan dal - yellow lentils - kinda more soupy than solid. Anyone out there?
Off to Colorado to see the children.
Damn people getting shot behind J's wtf???
swarley is bathing himself on my final project #whatever #nobigdeal and now he just slapped madden in the face. whats going on
I've always been told I couldn't. Fuck that. I can and I will and no one is going to stop me.
that right, that was before yo time when all da girls had smurf stuff
Thanks for the retweet, Nick! Have a good night.
The customer tellin the cook how to cook!
Thanks for the RT
I agree. And so much money behind a soulless character concerns me a lot.
i follow and enjoy both and often wonder: how does he decide what comes from and what comes from ?
Olé : Received a generic email. They meant to insert my name but instead of "Dear Melodie" it was "Dear Joaquin"
That practice just made me its bitch
thx! my hse is 2 far from line, yet your website + all your peeps (called several times to verify) say my addy is go 4 service.
"The Soul of Flies" from Spain starts at 9:30. Clever and fun.
The state gets to temporarily stop the previous ruling (that stops the previous anti-PPrule!) So square one, I believe.
I was just remembering : "Dogma" was what got me into Commentaries in the first place and I always enjoy yours. Thank You.
OMG will Mondo WIN?!?!?
Double Header for L'Enfant this week. Tomorrow PIERRE wil be at L'Enfant again. Stay Hungry my friends!
Well, now I want ice cream - we should make an ice cream run tomorrow anyhow - to anywhere near Simmons!
Good morning & thanks for the RTs:
I love waking up and freaking out that you're late for school and realizing its saturday
Question of the day: if u eliminate sex from the relationship could u still date/love that person???
pretty pretty please, dont you ever ever feel like youre nothing, youre fucking perfect <3
trying to contact you, do have any time to talk to me about your work & Natural History Museums? Please?
Now mixing "Mon Plaisir" by Don Alias from the 4thcoming last Stone Alliance studio project w/Joe Locke, Randy Brecker, Edsel Gomez & others
Big ups to for keeping it REAL.
now granddaddy why would you do such a thing lol ....
So many thing done today. Happy. :)
I try to get something different every now and then, but it's never as good.
so excited to go to the baseball game on sunday. bobblehead day yo
My learn vector math project is creeping forward - understand some things, can't do much yet.
im not go ask how you got yo pic to do that
i think you and vinny are hot lmfao (: <3
hope things get better ;)
Shes 13 right? Well that explains the pushup bra and makeup .
Good morning everyone from school in Florida in the afternoon in my house
RT People don't change just by saying "I'm sorry". People change by knowing exactly why they should be sorry. And showing it
Aww if you ever make a cake for them, be sure it is jalpeno instead of carrot cake? O.o
A5. Not all airlines. Not all banks. Hard to generalize. Utilities, trend =stronger. I dunno about Gov. IRS has impressed me.
I know c:
HELP ME TREND #NiallIsBeautiful BY TWEETING ME #NiallIsBeautiful AND TWEETING IT EVERY TIME THAT YOU GO ON!!! please)":
Memphis may fire's new album is coming out in June!!!!!
lol its cool :) ive been in and out of the hospital anyways /:
Check it out!!! www.arillenblaylock.com
Q2: many are unconcerned if the students have learned at all as long as the # on the transcript is good.
Voice is gone, bodies covered in sweat and this les paul is too heavy.... but, ya know..I love this :)
TITA: If my last name was: "RETNA" I'd name my son: D'Tacht #Bujah!!! LoL :D
i'm trying not to think about you, can't you just let me be
are you sad miobi is over? I am :( i really was crying when i watched the last episode
basketball game tomorrow cant wait :)
Decided to trim some of my beard....just enough so I wouldn't look homeless
I hit the "up" button on the elevator and the doors opened right away. Today has potential.
New iPhone rocks! They fixed all the things that needed fixing. About time.
PARTY TOMORROW, YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS?!?!?!?!? HOT BOIIIS(;
Potowmack Elementary student says, "I have learned so much from Spanish...por favor reconsidera la idea de cortar mi clase favorita."
I'll go the extra mile to make you smile
Damn your avi makes me weak as hell ! Lol
Yesterday : me : uh uh quin what are you listening too . Justin: haha devil worshiping music lmao too funny .
Yes he knows that UK is thin at DT, in weight at that spot his mother is from Kentucky, he just wants a shot! He loves the SEC
#engchat Loved your book! Thanks for being here!
Read my Tale of Two Couples on the difference between a sane, empowered split and one fueled by bitterness and revenge.
Excellent interview tonight ! Entertaining and very informative #outfront (Also, I recommend following )
annoying middle schoolers<<<
Thanks Michelle!
Yeah, bad move on your part. I'm not leaving here until I sign a book on "Deleuze and Cats."
Try navigating a van and trailer through all that in two hours. It's fun.
Not to jump in here ;) The financial issues are tied with social issues. You cannot address one w/o the other.
Looking to hire a Business Analyst that is interested in going perm. Must have ERP implementation experience, in a financial or manufacturi…
True. Rory is a good pick. I've narrowed my picks to 2 Americans though, Mahan and Watney.
No, I borrowed from IMCPL. I think they had at least 1 copy.
someone called me turkey on the subway the other day.
Seems like this gal has gone from jersey-chaser to headset-chaser.
Come check out the official website at aaronmilbourn.com
everyone go and follow right now!! lol jk but seriously follow her!! :)
I think I'm going to sleep now......... I was just talking to my friend on the phone, so yeah.
Yes But Now You Dont..:3
I Cann't Believe It, #BTWBall In Indonesia Was Canceled. I Don't Understand Why They Call To Gaga "Destructive Of Faith"!
at least she has good taste ha
Mike Mayock & Michael Lombardi like the Bears' draft.
lol bagels are AWESOME!
To the tech-heads amongst you, are you attending or tweet-following #wiredbizcon?
Spent a fantastic weekend helping to get #CPCT's new space ready. We open on FRIDAY, and I'm SO ready to make Tech Week mah bitch. ;-)
yeah, called a Saturday. How are you?
Is it Shark Week yet?!
So what is your name ? :D
I love my fellow beliebers!
:) Just tried out for Chorpus Christi Idol. I was the first one! I was so nervous but in the end it was so fun! :D #prayin that i made it
new devices -- target individuals with ads that are relevant, about ads they really want to get - Tim Street
What "radio spot" means to Fox is "crosswords in the parking lot"
Thursday at 6. At 1505 east Carson street. 40 bucks a ticket. Email
I wonder if big k could c me would he approve I think he will
good, just hanging out with my kid. We went hiking yesterday, it was fun but exhausted. What have you been up to?
Epic RT: : Almost went completely mental making way too many parts I liked ...so I had to make two different versions...
Who wants to text me? ;*)
Enforcement Element: Law or Contract - "I agree to . . ." according to Smedinghoff
Rangers win! NY still suckzz
no problem:)
hey now, dont be mean to riley. he's a pretty cool guy..
Less than 2 hours til the start of our Madden Tournament! Only 1 will be crowned Madden Champ, but no one will leave empty handed!
I predict tomorrow's commute and ride will be skinny and pink. :D
awww look at that smile! <U+0001F604>
Seat 29E [HUMOR]
While is recovering from #sfbeerweek we'd like to remind him he's needed at #sacbeerweek in just a few days.
": Saturday Night is at " " !! Miami Ready for a House session !!! Mix live !!" See you soon w
Today i met and from by chance in the , union square. Really cool guys.
somebody wanna come hot tub with me ??
very classy
LTS Heather Woods & Eileen Hardy start off the event. "future of library spaces and services on campus.
Chewing like a pig << <U+0001F416>
Happy Holidays to all of our friends!
Happy St. Patrick's Day, Gentlemen!
Just ate a Wet Burrito, now Drinking a margarita. OH YEAH!
Thanks for making me a contributor.
Real Housewives of Dallas, I mean Deion Sanders.
Follow Friday:
Just waking up? Alright.
Crazy sexy cool
Gah! RT : Or sell naming rights. What's not to love about the Philip Morris Newbery Award?
Everybody kicked back at home
Counting the days...
Have a bottle of a certain beer (Ahem!), and it'll surely take the edge off. Or six. Have six bottles.
Enjoying the light-hearted jabs the #flashbelt speakers are taking at Apple. Good attitude overall throughout the conference
Rita Ora's single sounds really good on radio. I doubt she'll be a huge success, but her contributions to top-40 music are welcome.
Packing!!! ... in a New York state of mind!
a high ponytail is very chi! My hair may go up this afternoon after my 3 mile run.
Just the tweet I wanted to see! Thanks for all that you do and you guys have fun on the slopes!!! *Hi Lizzie*
Sneak peek of today's photoshoot for new section of Vibrant magazine called Vibrant Kids! Coming in next month's issue!
Five star chick, bout that five star life.
serious? WE HAVE A WINNER!!!!!!
Can we help in any way?
oh yeah, for the DH mixer, I was definitely taking notes! First time I've heard from the student cohort! Go English grad students!
Haha, I was just about to Tweet that as well. Never thought I'd see the day. Might be best Linkedin invite ever.
` sittin here playin the game but about to turn it off
that was a fail... #SoEmbarassing !! :P
Ugh, up early as hell
RT :Teens dont have to be going through the same issues they're reading about to be experiencing the same emotions.
Ate steak for dinner !
Positive thoughts and feelings today! We are one drop in a universe of many. #positive =
Watch your mouth you filthy minded prick!
ahh. thought your profile said you were a marketing prof at southern living. maybe next week? lunch? souper jenny's?
"Smashing Pumpkins." "Homer Simpson, smiling politely."
there is no way I can run 26.2 on June 4!
my mom bought me some italian salvatore ferragamo shoes. :'D
Just finished the Godfather novel. Now to watch the film in a completely new light
can't decide if it's going to be socks or fingerless mitts. Socks would feel luxurious but perhaps wear out too soon.
thanks for the follow -- loving the combo of what you are: #socent + chef + linguist + tech. Very cool
Painted my nails white .
enjoy and congrats on the new gig man!!!
Any chance of picking up a third Killer Unicorns book by ? These books are so awesome!
The Norm Macdonald/Hitler mustache bit was hilarious. Great job today on Rome.
I will be wearing mine too
GET RO TO 90,000 TODAY! Spread the word! #Robotz lets do this! :)
I had a #Reds fan refer to me, as a #Brewer fan, as a Hillbilly. Not sure how to respond to that.
You bet. I really enjoyed it. My phone had no service in the room otherwise I would have tweeted it.
MT : Use QR reader with iPhone to assist with mobile #reqmts - Virtual #reqmts Facilitation
too tired to get dressed to go out haa
Totally understand. I hope Allium is in your future if you're going to be on Orcas. ;)
Nah take ya ass to a drive thru then lol RT times is hard fuck that lmao
by the way, are you a fashion boyder or a buyer......if so what the heck is a boyder?
thanks for the coffee! (And for SO much of it!!) Can't wait to try a sip or three :)
I <3 those and save for the "other" days
See you all at likemind Chicago, Spa Cafe on Monroe between Clark and LaSalle in the Loop @ 8am!
Just asked this lady for the time and she screamed at the top of lungs and ran wailing down the street.
Looking for video producers with credits in commercial and broadcast. email me resume and reel:
Never let your failures get to your heart, & never let your success get to your head.
you sure? I feel so dumb. And I'm sorry, again <U+2665><U+2665>
Text coupons have up to a 30% redemption rate. www.zesmo.com
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you say something that you think is funny, but everyone else just stays quiet.
Interesting article in Marie Claire about the increasing # of women choosing singleness. It's not a bad thing. I've embraced it!!
At what point do you give up? Ever?
Good luck tomorrow to all my friends running the Mini!
welcome home john
RT : Youth is wasted on the young. -English proverbs
I just saw the story with the parents of one of the victims of the Ohio school shooting - Danny Parmertor. Broke my heart.
$50 includes All you can eat crabs, buffet, and beer
You know what's a bad idea? Doing your taxes with a cuppa whiskey. My refund does not look right. And I can't find the back button.
please follow me i followed
I'll take the yunt steak
how did the art show/signing turn out?
do u think u could say "Happy Mothers Day Mindy" for me? thats my moms name and it would be the ultimate present for her <3 u
SXSW bummer of the day: Was going to see the Low Anthem, but just discovered they're opening for Bruce and I didn't win a ticket. :'(
The deficit in California has risen to a sky high $16 billion. RECALL Governor Jerry Brown and his Democrat Legislature!!!
Sub in first period ^.^
lol you didn't make that gummy bear orgy!? hahaha
Happy Earth Day to all!
#1940census indexing at Ancestry - what is the method to pick states - how are they announced?
I've hopped on the downton abbey train and I'm never looking back.
RT : awe ekse! Even attacking on twitter? It's the anywhere show...
when people rob old ladies we always think of them as monsters. We should at least give them credit for being smart criminals.
real kids of my own, biological or otherwise, I'm sure I'd do OK.
Oh look, you actually won for once. Libby-5 William-1 ;)
same wishing i could meet austin
HAHA RT : Next Z-Ro concert has to DJ, IM GOING!
where did that year go?
follow me :)
Just did a really fun interview with Rob Delamorte! It'll air tomorrow night...details to come!
At home I still have all this red rashes
now as someone entirely new
Vip get to meet them b4 show, take a pic n get an autograph
I know, it's embarrassing.
Thanks for the shout-out!
Why did you stop following me? D:
Thanks maneo! Follow us back and I can shoot you a direct message.
See you then!
hahaha true true RT“: "Add me on Twitter" yep , you're new.”
In the midst of doing network wiring for the first time since the late 90s. All I gotta say is: crimpin’ ain’t easy.
Dj shadow and this Wednesday in #NYC. I'm a drive myself nuts working these shows
Fine also! Thanks and have a good weekend!
I don't know if I should be offended or not.
lmao are ur plates good now
man nigga that wasn't even clever lol I still got us in 7 man.
when are you back at Naya???
Give Titan Movers a call today at 619-414-5469
been crazy busy. Trying to go to EU early next year. Paris and Milan...and of course Holland! Lol.
tru well some thing we out grow
Didn't get on twitter alot today but I promise I'll be on more for the rest of the week :)
Great dinner at Fresh Fish company but crowded. We were all using our groupon before it expires on the 30th
Please tell me how I'm supposed to sit through school tomorrow.... #Ed'sababe
Met a scientist today who went to both Oregon and Oregon Sate; my first encounter with a "platypus" ;-)
": Im Trying To Call My Friend & My Phone Keep Saying Signal Lost:("
Watching a show on NatGeoWild. Conclusion? Orcas are very bad news.
hopefully when the Astros move to the AL, they'll ditch the ugly uniforms, logo and color and go oldschool
#HungerGames is INCREDIBLE. Truly impressed. Nicely done #JenniferLawrence. I sincerely hope to work with u one day. You truly have a gift.
lol we are ready for you Mel :-) I thought I heard you singing!
Love, love, love. That is the soul of genius. -Mozart.
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show ??? //
hm. I dunno we need to get our music out there way more before we can do that!!! Would love to though : )
I think that's an excellent idea!
What is with all there honor societies?
Don't think these people in the middle of nowhere are used to seeing someone with a flatbill and bumpin Slim Thug
Specyphi would like to thank. Everyone who came out last night WoW packed house and Team BSG. Specyphi what you believe
when someone gives you a shout out it means they think u r great! encouraging others 2 follow you. #FF = Follow Friday =-)
I think I fixed it - it was a security question I was getting wrong. Thanks for replying, though.
#blah :p
that chair slipped. The sweat on Coach Knight's hands made it hard to hold on to as he spun it around to sit in.
Going to see Gungor and the Brilliance with tonight!
hanging with she won't evn talk to me because the bulls game is on. haahahaha
It never fails.....
National Thank a Teacher Day. I thank Mr. Gabin who brought exciting hands-on experiments to our science lessons in 6th grade.
RT : Basic analytics aren't measuring if someone is learning through SM
A Camaro, a tattoo, AND Aqua Velva. Sunjay is DEFINITELY from Rochester.
“: U ever notice the prettiest women have the loudest burps?” oh gosh I can burp very loud <U+0001F623>
It is gonna be cray cray!!! And thumps will provide beast music
I'm waist deep in social media for a client
for the forum
Enough prime rib to kill a dogg.
are offering rides from ABQ to Santa Fe this evening. Leave a message here if you want to try to line something up.
Lol I just spent 10 minutes looking for my earrings and they were.....in my ear. Smh <U+263A>
looking forward to tomorrow nights concert in Chicago. You guys are awesome !!!
don't you mean your screeching ???(:
Happy birthday to the amazing guy in the whole wide world. . Love you.!!!
#TheWorstFeeling is def getting blasted in the nuts with a pogo stick
it's your wedding day! You are going to be the most beautiful bride.
im going to go listen to janelle money "cold war" and meditate
oh ok
#rolemodelshit ": Im the type of dude that loves my girl behind closed doors, and in public. i dnt hide shit"
True. They snuck in a few naughty words there...
at least 8. Keep it up you can do it
is working.
Why do people think that just because I love horror movies and death metal music that I can't stand for Jesus Christ?! You're so mistaken.
glad to hear it - now enjoy a good recovery weekend!
Thank you for the follow, Alexander
you win.
"Priesthood is not about responding, it's about initiating." --my Bishop today in our combined 3rd hr lesson
Look at the everyday world for inspiration.
Well have good time chilling love u
Some people are just complete idiots.
Rosehaven working with two new writers!!!! Pre-production of movies soon!!!
so drowsy
Cant wait to hang out.. We can all do a show together maybe!
This weekend's podcast: "Movies with Wangs in them!" Tweet us titles of movies with penii in them and we'll discuss 'em!
*slips into the bushes*
Watchin cartoon planet on cartoon network
FUCKING BRUTAL #url videos all night.
You're welcome my man.
That is why being an intuitive like I am, I have always had a block with Astrology! Nothing is in Stone!
Jesus. That was nuts.
all I'm saying is if you fight with a cop, you're kind of taking your chances.
How big of a D-Bag do you have to be to chant "Let's go Yankees" at an away spring training game?
Don't you find it odd when some people at first glance just impress you? What impresses me is humility...and other things.
Thank you!!!
I thought my work on Prometheus was finished, but nope! Hooray for International trailers!
So we'll be seeing ya, every single April now, for the next 30 years or more. Congrats - it was fun to watch yesterday
And another one...Biogen Idec submitted NDA to the FDA for approval to market their new oral MS disease-modifying therapy.
Thank you! That's next on my radar...
I was upset that I didn't c u after the show I wanted to buy u a drink.
We'd love for you to feature our site in one of your upcoming Startup Monday blogs, we're launching our beta very soon!
Its keeping it real. Your final four team is down 20 to a bunch of freshman. Syracuse comment in 5....4....3...2....1...
Tell him to live in Livingston revis! “: Also wanna say I'm lookin forward to having as a teammate.”
"If we care about our kids, then let's figure out what we need to do." - Geoffrey Canada
How much of y'all barbs noe wat Nicki Minaj is saying in Gun Shot ?
at least 5 times a year!
looks so hip! She is dressed perfectly :)
hey Dilan, I've faved so many of your tumblrs you post... sorry if you're overloaded with notifications.
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! ! #7bars:]
People are tired. And sick. Some are on overload. I recognize that 4 some the material isn't thrilling. I'll just keep tryin'.
No, infield hit. RT : They didn't give Scutaro an error for the first play?
Haha RT : Eddie Money would not have been as successful had he have stuck with his original name, Eddie Food Stamps.
Luckily the traffic doesn't spill over to my end of the Highland Park Neighborhood. Good luck!
": Follow me on instagram "I have wbu follow me
Coincidence is when God chooses to remain anonymous- cheers to our coincidences in life
Thoughts lead on to purposes; purposes go forth in action; actions form habits; habits decide character; and character fixes our destiny
i wana play u in draw something! Haha i got it on my ipod.
hey hazza.. Do you love your american fans as much as we love you... <3
At great America!
I cannot believe I did it when I say I'm not gonna do it but I still end up doinq it!
The Top 10 Brokerages in Phoenix only own a total of 38% of the $2.5 Billion Golf Real Estate Market. Welcome to our niche.
I don't fuck with #oomf anymore
never too early for a boner.
Next up: Gary and I disagree about the judge that gave indefinite jury duty to the racist juror on
No matter how you doing in life people always gone have something to say but in the end ain't got a heaven or hell to put you in!!
TGIF! Who's ready for a chill pool day and 2 for 1 beverages...ALL DAY!! WE ARE!!!!
just read the article in #tasteofcountry; I love "She's Like Texas"
Watching the Femme Fatal concert footage. This is Britney best album ever!! She's soo hott!
first order of a soldier is to obey order
she ALWAYS has good stories ! lol
First veggies in new garden are green apple cukes from Baker Creek Seeds
Pies & cornbread made. Yay;-)
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash WB Beltline between South Towne and John Nolen. Right lane blocked. Use caution.
Entin: Troubled by class becoming metaphorical. It may not be an organic identity but acts and feels like it is. YES.
I do apologize, though. I shouldn't have jumped you for your opinion. We love Cal here and we see him in ways others don't.
Haha. Whose cat is that?
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
Fight fire with WATER - LOVE your haters - LEARN from your mistakes instead of running!
Breaking News: Mayor Corey Booker saves neighbor from burning house. GOP charges he trespassed & woman should've stood her ground
hi(; why arent yuuu looking sexy hand ;'D
The movie haywire sucks
Or should that be B&N? They have Starbucks too :)
Id rather be a slut than be in love.. LOVE SUCKS lol
Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again. ~Andre Gide
just got back in the house… went to the movies with the fam! WYD?
Hmm.... apple ipad.... not blown away yet.
Don't call me a princess, call me the boss
all generations are game for discussion!--Hi, should have responded from this acct--if a discussion happens pls let me know.
I don't think MTV even knows what music is anymore!
annd i take that back again. Free any time before 5 now.
nice! Will re-purpose immediately
sorry i have been gone way too long ! new topic anyone heard of the human library?? i want to see how many know about it before i post it.
“: Boys, you can keep your "swag". Men have class.”
congrats Marcus! So proud of you!!(:
we all know that preferential treatment is S.O.P., it's just that basing it on how active a person is online is crazy talk
:( yes i am a writer!
Had to throw in some stats. That's my last tweet for the day on our political conversation. Thx for good convo.
Have taken my dirty clothes to the laundry so now the only clothes on my floor are the clean ones.
The past week, every time I have typed my name I have misspelled it "Josephone".
Totally joking.
Metro Center for lunch tomorrow!. PIERRE has been missing his loyal Metro Center Ficellenians! Stay hungry my friends!!!
I'm good u?
so? Every celebrity does. It's not just him.
back from holiday now its time to work:(
So tired of this yolo shit. Like damn you just figure that shit out? Didn't realize half my friends were fuckin cats.
Where is the best place in okc to look at xmas lights???
Gotta pull that race card to get their attention sometimes lol
Drag that bitch there.RT RT : Islas >>>>>> <3 <3 <3 <3 > OMG I MISS HER SO MUCH! I Hope She Comes Friday
I still like that song!
People have been bitchin way to much lately
Had so much fun tonight!
It's funny how certain things: cars, songs,smells take me back. Even if it was bad then, the memories make me smile now.
Anyone else w out power in #78704? how long?
how can you not know #hicktown?????????
Excellent point!
Incredible first round of #MarchMadness! Congrats #Wisconsin & #Marquette! Thanks to everyone who came out to Brass Monkey! Awesome Fun Day!
(you never know what you get)
This show is crazy . Lol
how do u link ur fb to ur twitter?
Paperwork Reduction Initiative -- what is needed in NYS EI.
good luck sleeping
now it's time for abc 123
Micropublishing will play an important role in the future of books and how we perceive our culture, our world, life.
Listening to Elliott Smith today and thinking we need to cover one of his songs very soon.
are you going to wear a frisbee on your head tomorrow like xtina?!?
% discount from My Plumber on all services (up to $100) for Veterans, Active Duty, Reservists & Family Members Everyday!
“: How did my kids not wake us up until 8AM? A true Christmas miracle!” I had to actually wake up mine!
We say you should #FF because he's too nice a guy to actually follow through on his threats.
Mins, hrs, days, wks or even mths over-analyzing a situation; trying to put the pieces together, justifying what could've, would've happened
Drinking Pepsi Wild Cherry. Yummy.
I want these dreams of you to stop.
RT : How often do you wear black? Brighten up your wardrobe! A little color can brighten up your style.
Inspiration comes from unusual places.
Why is a dog getting mail? It's not a joke! We'll have the answer coming up this morning on the CBS 58 Morning News.
This aint no Funeral folks....its a HOME GOING CELEBRATION!!!
stop by my office...I got a big pic of you from weight room
sir I ended up being at office from 1130a- 10p! What?!? broke some hinges off doors while I was there we have best mixers
Too funny. My BF is aviation atty and once terrified his seatmate as he absent-mindedly reviewed crash photos.
Did I just score (for a measly $39) a previously-unknown state of the book I'm editing? Or is there something Very Wrong with my apparatus?
« leading. succeeding. achieving.»
I've never seen a team more confused by their own coach.
I define #InfoPunk as punk spirited, but genre-free music using all the influences available in the information age.
will be at the #LAThtr awards tonight in Togas, will you?
Happy rainy #LeapDay!
Advantage of being colorblind: You can solve a Rubik's cube as soon as you pick it up!
Typo in bio *spitting out code.
I love chu so hacking much.
KEY to SUCCESS: “You can expect what you can inspect.” - Bill Bratton
holy shit, what's up? Gettin ready to get on a plane to New Orleans
Khleo Thomas is one of my favorite artists, go follow him! -
cross is dumb
.RT yep! : .RT : "If you hit a wrong note, then make it right by what you play afterwards." - Joe Pass / Jazz Guitar
ARE U KIDDIN ME U HAVENT CAME TO NORTH CAROLINA IN THE US BUT UR GONNA GO AROUND THE WORLD UGHH
Heard great things about your gym from #Keep up the good work!!
If u haven't ordered your #Easter flowers yet, it's not too late. We are open til 4:00today so stop in!
Me has a feeling with Tomlin and Hannahan are back fully healthy in a week or two. We see LaPorta called up and Mcallister and Lopez gone.
Big win in the Little Dance! RT : Leggo UMASS!
Aw, you were kidding? A-duh. Great song though.
Kevin love with the game winning three?
A base hit by Mark Teixeira, but A-Rod gets thrown out at the plate. Still 1-1, 1 out, runners on first and second for Swisher.
What the
Just saw your Style Me Pretty post! Nice work :)
#RomanticHorseNames Lion Heart, Fran's Valentine
It's gonna be bad news for the bears Sunday.
Good Luck at School everyone!!!!!
I don't want to jinx anything but Pre-season has been going very well.... TopShelfBets.com
I haven't been this happy just because of a movie in a long time. I'm still crying. And I may regret Tweeting tomorrow.
thanks for the #FF love, have a great weekend!
My neck is killing me... At first I thought it was a stiff neck from sleeping on it wrong...now I'm not so sure.. it being day 3 of this..
Idk? She's not my fav..
hey Craig! It's my birthday! :D
good! And oh well, I guess it gives you a chance to listen more lmao... Not that you don't haha
This happened last year when I was driving to my hometown somewhere in the middle of Belgium. I was driving a little too fast when a poli...
To early in the year to be wearing boardshorts?.
if this headache will go away!!!!
I hate my life..
<--- Typed nothing about Diller; was Mum's Day Hijinx!
you are beautiful.<3
RT : Neither you nor The Game should return, to be honest. RT : I will not be returning to The Game for season 6.
Publius SyrusA bold onset is half the battle
Justin Turri just got hat trick
At the Empire State Building. Security is tighter here than at Tri-Cities Regional Airport
. -- Re: #immigration, we need to get rational about this.
idk, just anywhere would be better then where I live haha
So far, Newt is winning the Big Bill demagoguery contest!
are you saying you're part of that 52%?
you're beautiful, and tomorrow is a new day. cheer up and find the good that exists in every situation
Thank you Sir. Have a good weekend!
New surroundings
This is an awesome picture!
you have my prayers! Text me if you need anything while you are here! 9132085566! Hugs!
how does wed work? Xx
about time! What kind is it??
watching #ThePlagueDogs, and taking notes for a comparison later.
I hope the plastic men are not large...
Your keg is magical, 102% capacity? That's my kind of keg!
Uughhhhh ... need to do homework .. but I am pisssseeddd !
I DONT CARE WHO WINS EITHER... MY DADDY'S TEAM ISN'T PLAYING SO IT DONT MATTER.. LOL
I knew someone else would come along and say it for me. ;-)
DELONTE WEST!!! WHAT UP?!?!?
as is our boy here. Colton put together a nice little family
where!! O_O I. Must. Find. Store.
how buy i find Notes from a kitchen?. can't find a site that is selling it.
Who knew relay for life would be soo painfull hahaha 3rd degree burn and cuts all over my hands from opening a coke bottles, ima sissy!
Def understand that concussions are a big deal, but unresponsive is a pretty strong word to use when watching from tv.
Happy Halloween!!!
How about shopping for sex toys instead?
too cold to clean the windows. darn.
no because it's a Monday! And happy early birthday girl!!!!
I'll be sitting here for ever following all of ' followers, LMFAO. Tell your followers about me! <3
follow me back:)
I just got my free appetizer in Bricktown thank you for the nachos!!!
Really, it's a glorified calculator for cite. It's only good if u have an idea of what the answer is sposed to be.
Happy 4/20! May the smoke be with you
New Pitbull - Back in Time only on NOW!
I just waned to say thank you so much to my new and old followers... if you want a follow back just ask... :)
Plant some perennial edibles into your #vegetablegarden & even your ornamental borders
Tweeted to myself back there. Probably time to call it a day. Watch this page for another daring but geeky episode of PGWW.
but seriously I need to call you tonight so I'm gonna. I need to talk about a doggie I might take in!
What I read didn't say how old she was. Said they adopted 2 children from overseas.That he lives a monk like existence?
New assistants excite Deans
You two should follow each other. Problem solved. :)
Please let everyone know that there are apparently NO spots left in the Pac 12. :(
[quivering lip]
Hi, thank you for the retweet :>
Oh of course, but the overall message is what I'm referring to
My new commercial agents, Niche & Greta at Bicoastal, are totally understanding that I'm vegan & don't want to support McDonalds.
ikr! She's amazing!(:
you're very welcome! hope you're well enough to enjoy a BIG turkey dinner on Thurs :-)
Chick-fil-A has a hidden location at NYU... not impossible for a non-student to slip in!
It's been so long but it's great to have the crew back in town. It's a beautiful day and I am OPEN tonight.
To cement a new friendship, especially between foreigners or persons of a different social world, a spark with which both were s
Music makes me high
A Northern New Mexico College student called the police to report that someone had broken into his car and stolen his radar detector.
Sounds great!!
Now acc to CNN Romney and Obama about tied???..polls bouncing-not to be taken seriously until Labor Day
Viva #Mexico y La Batalla De Puebla. #Taco De Mayo! Come get your Mexican fix with us!
Setting the #Saints over under at 8.5 this year. Any takers? I'll take either side of that bet.
Are they announcing regionals already?
Tim Tebow will be in the top 100 even though I don't think he should. Hopefully he is on today's show
Life gives us brief moments with another...but sometimes in those brief moment we get memories that last a life time... -
Small job outside of Athens. Anyone headed that way?
:* Glee club was cool. Rapped Bohemian Rhapsody instead of singing it.
when you look me in the eyes, i catch a glimpse of heaven. <3
Wonderful Amazing Gyrotonic session. Thank you !!!! <3
I had time to rewrite my blog from a casino in Macau. Posted earlier. Had detention time with some unsavory and suspicious guards. But...
Not looking so fresh in the pictures from last nights event with
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Will I be popular if I do?
Are you in South Africa or the states??
Thanks for the #FF love, !
I have enjoyed pussy like a fat kid at an ice cream shop....
You are lucky man: not only are you AWESOME, but you appear to have a stunning bride!
Publix, if you're out there and you can hear me, I love you.
Yes! You were great!
What are your plans for winter break?
Sandstorm is the most obnoxious song. fadskljsjfskldfjsklfdsk
i'm not even stressing about finals next week. underachieving to overachieve..
I miss when I was little, and I didn't care about my weight, clothes, or hair; I just did what made me happy.
progress stalled today. I might have to move at a slower pace than I used to, but this could be good for me. Slowin down & lookin around.
thanks, i really do try. lol jk, it comes naturally. (;
National Princess Week is almost over and nobody has given me presents
so is this King Sexicano twitter account is real?
and this is the first time I can tweet in class without looking totally unprofessional. Thanks #ds106radio for keeping us real.
I have yet to get my voxbox ):
time to amp up my swaqq XP
Going to be on VoiceBox KALW 91.7 w/ playing some of my favorite female vocalists of the Bay Area Friday night
when you get to austin get tacos at torchys it will erase the the awful thoughts of I-35.
With handling image download after shooting Richard Chai
I <3 film festivals. Having a great time at Indie Spirit Film Festival as a filmmaker!!!
I made that one up off the cuff. Pretty good huh? haha!
Love all the #spottheshuttle photos. Great addition to memories of seeing Discovery close up last summer.
Hi i think your an amazing and beautiful person and I hope someday I could meet you, you should come to Louisville Kentucky
Us, too! RT Record number of participants in our graduate student Teaching Certificate Program this year!
"21st Century Media" Mark B.N. Hansen from Duke will speak Friday 10 am undergrads & 1 pm grads & profs ATEC conference room via
Monday... What a dreadful day. Only two more of them though!
www.ifixit.com is best technical documentation in the world according to
Skyrim is my girl <U+E106>
A nigga always ready ..
i really think if i died right now no one would care
watching Lekan figure skate as the princess on the wii was priceless! That winter olympics game is fun!
Are you and gonna follow this year's draft, or are you done watching?
MANS WORSE ENEMIES ASSUMPTION AND PERCEPTION WE AS HUMANS ALWAYS ASSUMING AND PERCEIVING THINGS WRONG OR DIFFERENT THEN THEY REALLY R.
Go, Mo! RT "I'm coming back. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going out like this." - Mariano Rivera to reporters today
Strange. We are connected!
“: I Am What I Am. I like what I like. I love what I love. I do what I want. Get off my back and deal with it. It's my life.”
Awaiting the big day!!!
My people did the list. So Bert had to be #1!
just tweeted the exact same thing...co-sign
indeed I am! Thanks for looking out.
hey, i saw on your FB page that you know isabelle gillies? I just read her book--she's incredible.
Take Melatonin 3 to 4 hours prior to going to bed.
Corsets are everywhere. It's a very good thing.
No insurance
Yes big time rush won !!!
Our sub bus driver is freaking the f*ck out. Geeze, calm down lady
Bout to go in on this #MERCY y'all ain't ready maaaaaannnnnn!!!!!!
Hi, I got the email before the outage but because I didn't download the attachment I can't get to them at the moment.
RT : Attention FL fetish folk, dommes and escorts: stay the fuck away from anyone requesting outcall sessions to Polk.
I like the way you guys think!
#ARTTHOUGHTZ, for real. Can they? I often wonder how deliberate these actions can be.
Pierre Mcguire creepin it up
Trying to find the motivation to get up and go to the god damn Gym .. Arrrrghhh what a drag 1..
what a great night...
I don't take anyone seriously in a pink shirt.
Soo.. boutaa start on this L A M E ass Homework....-_-
(a few days late) Seriously... Rodenbach for breakfast cures my hangover tummy. Bier for breakfast is GOOD.
Ray of Duncanville: This needs to be a balanced state and local partnership. Right now solely at state level. Balanced scorecard.
i need to gain more followers if you follow you will get a guarantee follow back so follow me
Fans of old school DLR era Van Halen...do yourself a favor and pick up their new album. I can't stop listening to it & cant wait for tour!
Gonna hit up Alamo Drafthouse for their open screen night and show CELL. Crowd usually wants comedy but we'll see how it goes.
Tre Arrow is in the fourth round of Portland mayoral candidates
youre silly :) miss you dude!
I am just now catching up on your #mla2011 tweets. You really did see some amazing stuff...
And recognize on X. Always a sweet 16 threat. That brawl really shook them till now. & IMO A10 > meac, caa, patriot leagues of the world.
Gr8 #jazz gig last night w/22 young men from college sitting in. We spanked 'em, military style! Uptown Jazz Orchestra, baby.
I take it you are wearing a white shirt.
omg, i still remember the very first episode!
Thanks for the re-tweet Al:)
Thanks for the metadata (; I'll see if the talk is available to watch/listen to/look at the notes online later.
Help set it up with the appropriate authorities in your school and we'll be there.
Taxes are not mandatory. You have to spend or earn to pay. Obamacare you just have to be a citizen.
I'm a strong black women who don't need no man.
This sore throat is kicking my assent.
TONIGHT ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS FROM CINCINNATI! LADIES FREE TILL 11 $10 ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN 21+
Please go follow
Going to the mall today!!:)
Almond Joy is the Ireland of candy bars.
You've got two more hours to get out to and get a delicious sample!
in the fall, a way smaller one
If I am a WNBA GM, how do u not draft Khloe Kardashian? Size, Speed, and Athleticism! LamarOdom would agree but he is currently crying# WNBA
Got my eyes open 2day. Been passing judgement. I'm no 1 to do that. Every1 is entitled an option but once it makes u judge, ur just as bad.
Makin positive makes!! Just can't lose!!
Yes. “: "Partisan fighting + neg logjam may be calculated 2 make ppl "step away" & not participate in gov. agree?"
love our new song!! :) Can't wait to write some more!
I'm trying to get one of my friends to go. Don't like traveling down there by mself. If I get to go I will hollar at ya.
I feel very lucky!
Also, yes, Song 1 has driven me to listen to "I Only Have Eyes for You" in, like, all of my spare time. Preferably with all the lights off.
30 minutes til I clock out !
I'm glad you lived to tell the tale. That guy's a real animal!
Heading to NYC to tape an interview w/ re: Muhal Richard Abrams, then on to & Bill McHenry at the Vanguard.
Cablevision Falls After Discounting Leads to Cash Flow Drop - BusinessWeek
awwh!! No problem! “: Hey beautiful thank you for following me! :D”
damn bored as shit, need someone to talk to
We do not see things as they are, we see them as we are. ~Ric Belda
need anything?
Yeah, just liver so far. I've got a beef heart in the freezer, though. Just gotta decide what to do with that beast.
I owe YOU an email! Hope you're feeling better. I can donate the copies to the hospital. :)
I'm not talking about people, I'm just stating the facts. Lol
Sipping this coffee like I'm old...it's too good
The future freaks me out.
THIS SHIT HARD BRA KEEP GOING IN
Cheering on all our #WIrecall candidates today! , , , , , and
When you someone and be like "oh they have a perfect life" but maybe to them they are going through the roughest time yet .
great -- and it goes till?
peeps: does one write: "The bitters was made by " or "The bitters were made by "
About to board flight home from #ala11 - sadly, couldn't get any of the restaurants to fit inside my luggage
If Edson Buddle decides to make a return to MLS, the LA Galaxy hold the right of first refusal.
amazing concert!!!
Good morning #Filmmakers only one week left until the last deadline for film submissions to TFFOC!
Purse is missing with passport, ticket, IDs and money. Gotta run. Not good. Very, not good!
Love the way Ben Tate runs.
The heathens are winning with a song about masturbating... Or are they? Hrm... It's a trap!
DUH I'M PRETTY SURE IT'S DORCAS...AM I WRONG?
And I'm still hungry :/
"Don't let the pigeon run this app" is a fun app for little ones.
I can't wait to get off work
Perhaps the chapter I just looked at was only 3 pgs, but when I clicked PDF icon on top right I only got PDF for that section
WTH!! Jet vs Bills. Are y'all playin football or pity pat. Geesh
your immature prove your story.
Join my freind HIS A inspiring Director and Actor!
If I rolled my eyes every time you did/said something that pissed me off my eyes would roll out of my head.
I'm a one woman man...
hey twitter world weres da love holla at me
The D1 Sectional Final games (that would have been played at state) were not as good as D2 will be at state fri.
AWESOME - Steven is so sweet the man would MELT like sugar if the raindrops came NEAR him! LOVE YOU STEVEN! <U+2665>
Visit, like and subscribe to our new Facebook page! www.facebook.com/ LuxeCitizensGroup
delete Foursquare, check in on Facebook!
I asked a class if they've all been in a library before. Most said yes while one student asked if Barnes & Noble counts. Oy!
ha ha that's awesome
How did I forget that Judge Reinhold is in the Beverly Hills Cop movies? The greatest living American film actor. Judge Reinhold. Love.
awww that is so cute :).... but I think my sis is cuter
I dread going back to school tomorrow!
Of course! I just DMd you, hoping we can meet up sometime. :)
first week is the hardest. Get in a routine you will be fine
What does Just Desserts mean to you?
If they slip let em ain't no point in catching, what can't stay up.
I DO NOT like timeline on FB... Ugh, I also DIDN'T ask for them to change it without my permission!
don't you ever get tired of giving a shit when the other party is a douche?
You're so lucky congrats sweetie!:)
News in the Morning is on in less than 5 minutes. We have breaking news! Tune in
if you have a Blog Lovin' account.. FOLLOW US!
Checkin out at ! Playin w/ my boys And - come on people!!!
Never Gonna Leave this Bed got me through a really weird time! Amazing music! - That makes you feel something! Thank You!
How would you approach shoe selection for a beach wedding?
David Wilkerson went home to be with the Lord today in car crash in TX. His ministry was huge inspiration to me.Great man.Great reward!
I'm playing two acoustic shows in WI. Probably too far away for you to check out. I'll get to Cali one of these days.
i just can't stop listening to it!
I Was Trynna Remember Why Chris Bown & Rihanna Broke Up . Then It Hit Me .
Yeah, nobody around here is looking too great either.... All of the #KU fans are loving it, though!
:( Let's make something happen soon. I miss your face.
then its not very elite is it?
no problem hope it helps
Where did you hear or read this?
Is it bad that I spent more time last night doing a project than I did sleeping? It's a good thing my group members don't have twitter...
you two make a cute couple!!
If Austin come to Indonesia he should try Indonesian food cause indonesian food is delicious
alright, well thanks!
Judging from the photos and I are taking right now, I think it's safe to say I go from 5'3" with no heels to giant w/ stilettos
Thanks for the Jonathan Harvey link, Michel. Very much.
Notice me?
Have a great weekend, Everyone. We'll be back on Monday.
Dang. How would you feel if you were guilty of killing a legend?
My kiddo rode her bike 3 miles today -- can't say that the allure of treats at Sticky Fingers vegan bakery wasn't motivation! :)
Fuck I'm turning into my parent's
is this"convo" w Dimon on MTP a casual sitdown in lounge chairs? Wonder whose idea
Baltimore Businesses, here's a great way to celebrate upcoming Earth Day, sign up for Clean Your Files Day for Businesses call 410-396-4511
I'm def getting more toned.
when #oomf hits up my dm he so sweet nd polite, but is very reckless when he tweets...which one is really him???
got tweeted by whataburger...
It took Ron Paul more than 15 years to deny writing those newsletters, despite being asked about them over course
This turned out to be a beautiful weekend for sitting inside and indexing Honolulu residents in the
Will you be back to South Lake Union next Wednesday?
Just listed Say-N-Play. The site looks great - Congratulations!!!!
Thanks for sharing, Tim!
I agree to the content vs. fan idea. There are lots of museums that have great collections but are crappy museums.
look at my fancy Accord dude!
is great to follow - very active in the Twitter sphere
Have you checked out Wine Vault's Thurs & Fri bargain menus? Great 3-course meal at $20 plus $12 wine flight. Can't be beat for quality.
i will never kno what hes thinking when he looks at me that way hahaa
Great! So happy you had a great time
thanks! I'll start CCing you on all my email so that you'll know everything I'm up to.
Everything that use to matter, doesn't matter anywhere.
shit is fucking good, that's why
"This Sunday, we will be watching the Super Bowl not only for the game, but for a world class lesson in marketing"
I'm just trying to get use to this thats all i didn't know u can tweet on other ppl page
In secret places, far from pomp and pride, / The kind affections of the soul abide. (1850)
did you get my voicemail?
That's a good thing! Sustainable
must have hit on and got turned down, he's being such a dick to him.
Finally exams week is over
Convinced the world he doesn't exist
Started Cycle with at 1:32 PM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
I want to be with you now ... just a shame that stupid fans who would do anything to see her Niall! I love you :) x
Used to obsessively read variety & deadlinehollywood every day, now I read hacker news & techcrunch
There's a lot of stars but only a few shine bright ...
hum Marks new bed time. Mid night lol ;)
sounds about right
Smith: adds that has declined support from donors before if their interests or intentions do not align with our mission.
I am here
MAHOMIES! At 5:30pm EST, help the #OhioMahomies out & tweet "Ohio wants Mahone"! We really want to see it!(:
Well how am I supposed to know all that? :) Hi Kanye!
BROOKLYN TIL I DIE
Julius Peppers and Donovan McNabb are the only two people to play in a Final Four and the Super Bowl
Alex "El Tiburon" deGoti has been the starting shortstop since his FRESHMAN YEAR making him the oldest player on the team!
what's the best way besides social media to get the word out about a new product or brand??
Protect her, fight for her, kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her. BUT don't make her fall if you don't plan to catch her.
Lol RT : Just announced: The Pacers-Sixers conference finals will be broadcast on truTV.
“ Money is the Motivation”
All I wanted to do was sit, watch a movie, eat soup. But no!
i got hoes anndd ? but i keep my legs closedd but i believe keepin yo mouth & leg close is the only way too make yo money ! Bitxc bye!
thanks, i know, i'm awesome, i get it alot
Thanks for the luv! Happy #FF!
Im not as cool with niggas , as i once was .
This is what I do. I take a picture with instagram and add the effects, whatever. Then I screen shot it to upload it later LOL.
I hope you made the right choice and picked me over #itsybitsyteenyweeny don't get sucked into his superbowl crap
Both the #kiddori iOS version and Windows Phone version will be see an update in the coming days. Don't forget to download.
On my way to see Seth Godin. Very excited.
- You meant "Ladies and Gays" right. I remember it well Soul Train circa 1976 - Donna Summer(s) - Love to Love You Baby
Dancing is the body made poetic
Ask Tone how he described Pryzbilla's "lower body" accident on the court tonight. Hillarious!
RT visit www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com for Text Deals on Demand and SIGN-UP to get themon the GO! Like us on Facebook :)
goes before the rally will not say if he will give the bottle tax a hearing.
Tomorrow is the next day of the rest of your life.
we're open today from 2 till 7 ;)
Bulls are looking sorry...
hi. i love you. kbye.
don't listen to , I don't start drama, she is a drama queen, I'm sure you know this
Last night's opener Fair Game was riveting material. I hope it gets widely seen. Remember how there were no WMDs?
Help us collect more aluminum cans so we can go to Memphis this weekend!
3 Areas your life fits inside:(but can be a combination of all three depending on your values and needs): Illusion/Contradiction/Compromise
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything.-- Zig Ziglar
Single Stop loves its partners! Enjoying the : 2012 #Comm_College National Legislative Summit today
The one stop tracking is a bit scary. Would be almost impossible to opt out of & FB doesn't exactly have a good record
Wake y'all asses up , smell the coffee ctfu
I am determined to turn my struggle into a jewel
So is slavery,uh I meant integration-"Slow down,You go too fast..."
Congrats to June, Jenny & Sara- just scored tix 2 the SOLD OUT Abq Chris Tomlin show. Just 1 pair left. Details on how 2 win soon...
Happy birthday Irving Berlin! What a legacy!
you're already unfollowed :)
Bored.:P
wow that is a lot of cupcakes! Thanks for coming out!
I'm open to all options for other streams of income. I already do online surveys
Same to you. I really appreciate your numerous mentions. Today, I'm working on the first chapter of my fourth book.
Ready for main event fight to start!!!!
hopefully coming to your city this fall. Follow us!
today is your birthday? If it is then happy birthday! [:
What I'm wearing for the #Oscars? A plastic shower curtain and wool cap. Problem?
#stayawayfrommeif u ain't from my hood "The Number Streetz" hahaaaaaa let's get it!!!
Everybody go follow the manager
tell me what you know about tomorrow.
how long does this sxsw app take to process the events? it's been 10 minutes so far. maybe i'll take a bath and it will be done?
what happened to you? <U+0001F614><U+0001F44E>
A big Congratulations on your victory last night
When something funny happens and you're the only one laughing hysterically.
thrilled. I don't know why I haven't done this already.
Happy Easter everyone! Be sure to come check out our show this coming Saturday at the Clifton forge armory!
I have to paint. It's what I do. Whether I sell or not. But I have to sell to keep painting. Balance. I'm always looking for balance.
In the final leg of my morning radio shift at Then tonight I get to act in a 1-night only murder mystery. Fun!!
Get To Know Her (;
Who else is on Twitter? Are you following us?
Glad we were able to help!
I'm definitely the naked guy. I think you're the can't complete a sentence guy
A true #artist thinks outside the box too many carbon copies that's why so many are failing and they say art is dead #beoriginal BE YOU!
How is everyone?(:
Thanks ! Looking forward to having you and your group here. Safe travels!
Thanks for the #follow Am #happy to
My final prediction.. Patriots win 24-20! Take it to the bank.
You are everything I have never wanted.
Dear College Students: Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
For some reason, I cannot listen to any other artist more than Michael Jackson. I love his music and I dance to it constantly.
I Put 2 Much In This
Meeting with Italian designer, Davide Nanni today for initial planning of our cart design. He's a mad scientist in the best way! Stay tuned!
call it in or get shoot by a stray bullet cause that's what will happen.
RT : Its okay to accept a million mistakes, but never accept the same mistake over and over again
and I are electric zoo bound!
All I want is a way to make people stop attaching Word files to the wiki. :-(
i swear i heard an armadillo
you better get used to playing in the cold!!
I'm not the sweetest thing in world , so why bother being nice
here here! RT : In this together.
Chemical spill closes entry to downtown @ 10th and B. Traffic jam on SB 163 at Balboa Park. Use SB I-5 or surface streets.
Loving the moon tonight!
Let's get weird!!
First fried pickle experience for took her only a year after me. -BH
Jesus Crist, Never ask to borrow my car!
That all depends on your talent.
Lookin' at my Gucci it's about that time.. to pour a Rum N Coke and get a good buzz on..!!
Devonte gone get f'd up forreal
Huge life support finally thrown from ECB to Europe's banks, & sovereigns - but this scene in the US still left the big banks on the ropes
you just missed a wheel kick knockout from Barboza. How is live-tweeting miss whatever going?
It's always weak bitches tryna come in & fuck up a happy home. Them bitches get <U+0001F44E><U+0001F44E> NO LOVE!
Sunday funday: grilling, miller lite and the flatscreen in the yard
I hope to have my new Music Company name posted tomorrow sometime!! Excited!!
THEY GOT ME PINNED DOWN!
www.txttlktees.com-2 new characters gonna be unveiled in the next few days-watch out for them and 20% off coupon code too!!!
I dont make typos i remix words BITCH !!
Haha! I can Imagine that!
is outlining national #LPC strat plan initiative, PTA funding, and Supporters launch on Council of Presidents call.
Aye u can come on Saturday again homie
Cleveland let the Royals win?!?!?! BURN THE RIVER!!!
What I mean by moms? my blood mom & <3
I think #nfl network needs to turn this in a #movieoftheweek "When 2 QBs passed TDs"
On relax mode.
I will bring the 'I love Dinosaurs' tee-shirts tomorrow, so if you want one bring $5 because this friday is definitely Dinosaur Friday!!
Tonight from 6-8 #Detroit #Startup Drinks at the Old Miami. No speakers, No agenda. Founders, Freelancers, Funders welcome!
Good morning art tweeters!
what's it for? I can do either. DM me :)
The last day of school before break is exciting. Woke myself up by listening to the Neil Diamond version of "Chelsea Morning".
Sorry I missed meeting you last night, Michele. Next time I hope.
my feet dont stank thank u....ily 2 katie<U+0001F618><U+0001F60D>
Right?! Omg, we should get Indian food sometime this summer! I know a great place in the Pearl!
RT : Monday, and reality sits in. Derby is over and Louisville is a small city again
Chemistry will be the death of me.
Not a millionaire today folks!
The next time you seek perfection pursue "Better then Perfect". The growth that comes through learning through imperfection.
they probably won't mind.
Sent DM back...
Innovation happens in Indiana! Muncie's helps aspiring entrepreneurs nurture, cultivate and grow their business ideas
guess whose kid is student of the month at her school? that's right bitches!
TRIVIA QUESTION will be posted in 30 minutes at 10pm EST for chance to WIN band - must follow
Oh. I'm trying.
Thank you so much. You made my day.
Do you know someone I can help with my great services? Thank you for taking your time to check us out.
Sitting in the Shanty in Tucson drinking good beer with good friends
Ok done! RT : HURRY ! First 5O people to Follow will get a Shoutout to over 7O.O+ Followers !
coming to see you tomorrow. I have your cupcakes. Just be sure to save me one. Haha. See you tomorrow. Love you <3
Andre Miller was doing his JaVale McGee impression.
#happymothersday to the best mom a girl could ever ask for! Love you mama <U+0001F618><U+2764>
Nothing like some Jodeci
rock it.
Only one more month
Sure you are right.
Your name is stupid.
Thank you very much. I would have had to kidnapp Thomas et hop in the 1st hot air balloon out of here otherwise
and got married yesterday! agfgffgjkklfzsdfgh :D
Josh Freeman. Ever heard of him? He started on Mike's fantasy team.
Appreciate the suggestion!
You must have met my husband! So happy it helped! Ginger works wonders!
But I agree that not having to have a password is good on a site. My fav ecomm total experience is Crate & Barrel!
Did you go see the movie "Red Tails"? What did you think of the movie?
“: i got da baddest so I'm cool !”
Well looks like the Steelers are going to wrap this one up, done. Got say the Steel curtain is looking prime and ready for the long haul!
I respect Capricorns Aquarius Aries Cancer Leo Libra and Scorpios. Rest of yal mean lol
Hanging out with the crew - can't wait to order a scarf! Make sure to check them out!!!
Medicare picks region as a test site - Albany Times Union
hey look, my tweet is up on the big sign!!!!!!!!!
ii can't believe im so mad this early in the fckn morning!
- really Brookfield, are you kidding me? Want me to pick it up and overnight it to you - that seems nuts.
Woke up this morning with adrenaline pumping for the WSU v Creighton game today. #GoShockers! Beat those dirty Blue Jays.
#FF love to these great tweeps!
No one can rain on your parade if you decide it's gonna be sunny outside!
thanks for the retweet. see ya tomorrow!
Today is sunday! It mean church day! Blood Of Jesus
I think everyone ought to get affluent and famous and do all that they ever desired so they may notice that it is not the reply.
I loovveee you too boo. Hang out soon? ^.^
trill shit G
kind of strange mixture of Classical & 'Rock Opera'..I like 'Tie your mother down'..kicks @$$!!
Brewers baseball kicks off today, lets go Crew!
Just heard on news: Bank of America no longer biggest. Power to the PEOPLE.
how could u hate me im me
Naturally this is happening on an evening I actually sorta kinda feel like talking~
we're gonna chat with this Thursday... any questions you guys have for them??
nose goes.
Just like last time bad call by the refs that screwed the
People are going 5 mph on Henderson
Gross! (Do it. Biscuits are crack.)
don't put my shit on blast please.
SDUSD has about 1000 vehicles. We don't have the $ to maintain them. A school bond can replace these
Another greate TedEX talk on The Dispatch.
please do please do. I am bummed that so many kids are going to that dumb thing
just be glad can drive. I had to teach his brother...
<U+0001F625> emails are your friend! Lol.
We have 15 girls registered for Girls Rock Camp Houston. We're halfway there! www.girlsrockhouston.org
so bored tonight imma start hw i dont know how to do D: fuck my life..
I Still Am!
Seriously, powers-that-be, you should really figure out a way to keep around. He's a huge credit to your organization.
or maybe if someone didn't burn a timeout. Typical.
RT : There's a show called Wicked Tuna... Just thought you should think about that for a while.
Its like I cant feel a thing without you around.
did i qualify?
What is the name of the monkey
~And at the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make!~
I have one infection on my erection for one direction.
“: She owns a cat. #Time2Worry ...She owns multiple cats. #Time2Bail”
Who did Phoebe say Ben looked like after he was born?
Happy Thanksgiving!! Let the festivities begin!
Thinking about heading to Florence, Italy this summer. Who wants to come?
We're excited that Single Stop's work in community colleges, with spotlight on Miami Dade, is featured in roday's of Higher Ed
Got 4 days off.. But in a full leg brace.. Cant do a damn thing.. Ill catch up on some reading
Deciding on staying in the burbs or moving to the Chi for my first apartment.
The groundwork of all happiness is health
Happy Birthday & Easter to you beautiful!!! Have a special & blessed day. Enjoy & take care.
Justin Honaman from CocaCola takes stage at #BAsummit201 to talk about measuring marketing performance via analytics.
Talk about being a vampire... My day starts at Midnight ;D
is back in black.
can't wait for this weekend.
Keifer Sutherland scores again... FOX's "Touch" is an awesome show..
You know you're in the country when there's a horseshoe game always going on.
I'm so bored... dnt kno what 2 do
UNC is the leading candidate in our Final Four contest. Kentucky has a lot of cards filled out as well. Stop by before Thursday to enter.
I havent... are they suppose to email it to me? Thats in new york though? I didnt know it was going up there.
Know a writer/social media marketer? We're hiring DM for details.
Wonderful day for and Twins Territory! Happy home opener day for Target Field!
Watching Anna and King. All I can think is POST COLONIAL RHETORIC.
"Speak your heart out." -Paul
Good luck! Hearing a lot about sinus infections this year with the extra irritation caused by an intensified allergy season.
Ah no way! I lived in Prescott for like 8 years, went to college in Flag (NAU), and now I'm in Scottsdale too!
In 's session w/ & other students about 4 years of dig history , mining ideas for course w/
RT Is twitterature really a word? --I don't know but I LIKE IT!
liked that movie. good pairing.
Im too fucking nice, I cant stand it.
Holdin dis ham #bitch got a #beam on it
Nevermind, that one was actually pretty funny. I take that last one back.
To remove grease from driveways and garage floors, use a mix of 1 gallon hot water plus a 1/2 cup trisodium phosphate and scrub!
Is the pen mightier than the sword? Meeting with AET Playwright-in-Residence Zachary Fernebok about “THE PIRATE LAUREATE OF PORT TOWN.”
Always amazed when I actually make something work when programming in Actionscript. Not breaking it is like a miracle.
I'll give us another 7 months then we'll need that arc. Haha
don't tempt fate anymore! ;)
Hey Whats up! ;)
Just bought my #phish tickets for cinci!
This is me sprinkling hugs on all of you, via tweets <3
Headed to the #SammyAdams video shoot for his new single "Only One".
the producers are dying of laughter lol
where did you get that hoodie??? I want!
Great interview, what is atmosphere like in Austin? Big weekend remember to wash behind your ears and tie your shoes. Have fun!
salty I missed Jerry Springer this morning!! my day is runinedddddd
5 oz FREE! Let's go let's go! Have a hot cocoa after haha.
Just finished Chris Reed show. O hear Hell is still toasty.
Life can be mean and nasty. Don't let it harden you up let it toughen you up.
The Supreme Court takes up curse words on TV today. Tune in to "The Morning Show" to find out why.
hadn't thought about it that way. Good point. Best shot for all 3 east teams. Probably bigger for Ovi then.
" Make like a tree and leave "
To keep cauliflower white while cooking - add a little milk to the water.
same with me
That's when I get my retest, right? Right?
Hi there - sorry I missed this tweet..happy to answer questions. Send me a dm. But FYI I no longer work there.
#HIRING #TAMPA #ST PETE #ACCOUNTING searching for Corp Tax professional candidate for Fortune 500
i follow may i have his fan skype ? thanks
heck yea the Tigers. Coming to Columbia for Baseball place will be cranking do u have tickets
Good Morning Everyone :{) how are ya'll doing? :-)
man me too, I'm on the way to hoop now..
back at you! Have a great weekend!
I look like a little thug lol
a private life with a special someone is far more fulfilling than a public life with a million nobodies...good company=
whatever i took was DEFINITELY NOT pilates haha, I think the classes got changed and I ended up in some aerobics bootcamp!
I'm flamin the $hit outta this nigga when he done with his page. ;-)
Thanks for following me!
I plead the 5th :P
watchin #raw :D i love the name pablo :D
why would you guess ?
hey miss Johnson listen me you'll getting older! Trust me
AWESOME! Rock on!
Someone let "Fix You" play as the losing Little League team walked off field today "When you try your best, but you don't succeed.."BAD CALL
My whole world just fell apart again... /:
Happy Birthday!!!
Are you having trouble downloading any songs? We want to know! Email us at
Thanks for the tweet!
Has anyone bought shoes online? If so where...and what did you think?
West Africa and South Africa winter 2013 applications are only available through this Thursday. Pick yours up tomorrow or Thursday before 4!
“: Scandal, Scandal...just brilliant!”
won Road to Bonnaroo last night at the Mercy Lounge!
What are u trying to cook? don't burn the house down.
North country brewing now offering 10% off for members
Were I very rich, what difference would it make? I am what I am. What else can I be? I am neither rich nor poor, I am myself. That's
I'll have it by tomorrow
Im waitin to get my blood on the dance floor tattoo
"I've been a moonshiner for many long years. spent all of my money on whiskey & beer. I go down to some hollow and set up my still and...
I have honestly been in love with original movie scores since the first moment I heard the scores to starwars.. Movie scores make the movie
Gods grace is all that I need!
I thought you were good looking, until I clicked "view more pictures"
yehp. The joint "The Crash" is on there
Bustin' loose from this mortal coil.
I think its finally hitting me
anyone watch "Game Change" last night?
Romney says mothers should be required to work outside the home in order to receive benefits. Too bad that's been federal law since 1996
We aim to bring relevant speakers 2 U MT : such good timing for #SMBmad topic (SocMed for B2B). Just had call abt this yesterday.
about the poetry for the exam and the exam texts
HEY RUNWAY DIVA SHAY!!!! :-)
#facebook is getting way too complicated. I can't believe I'm going to choose twitter because it's simpler. It used to be the opposite!
glad he's doing well! yeah!! We should meet up. If not, I could always come down to you!! So many exclamation points!!
same here! Horses ARE my life! I have a buckskin mare called Luna(:
mhgmmm Gurl! yo do you know when pretty lil liars comes back?
Im watching good luck Charlie the episode when Teddy breaks up with derek, right?
If I leave now, I can make it to stroudsbourg for the signing yay
Thanks, just feel dumb. Thought it wouldn't auto-pick if my list was gone, lol. I was wrong
Yum! RT : “: What can you do with leftover fresh cranberries." Cook in sugar syrup - Save for Nantucket Kirs. !!
I'll see you guys there's - come learn/ask me questions about alternative funding (Kickstarter) at 3:30...
A one eared girl put my on to this place.. I cant seem to walk away from.
Breakfast at McDonalds!
twitpic? Not on fb homey
RT : Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
your welcome bebe
are you ready to join the dark side
Where do you get that? Looks so good.
Thank you babes!! I love you!!
It's been a long day with a very bipolar Tori.
Yet the city is planning on building a neighborhood park on Home by Fairmount
But I still put money in it every month but cut back last year b/c I thought the run up was over. 401ks leave us no options...
you're my favorite! Your ability to speak your mind! Yes! Are you going to continue your journalism career?
The pie is in martini/champagne/shot glasses, that's why it's a pie BAR! Geez Michael...
I missed #Xfactor audition. I am upset . Means I will not see Breatney Spears life!
Oh I see
Have you taken one of our tours before?
Problem for rural schools- it's a "small" and isolated view for rural learners and commumities.
i hate that stupid dance the atlanta cheerleaders do during take me out to the ballgame
Replay was one of my favorite bars! The patio is bad ass! Have fun in Austin.
All them freaks and geeks......
and they're always in the lower level while the true fans are in the upper level. makes no sense to me.
I really love the movie Burlesque. The man in this movie is a plus too!! <U+E03D>
PLEASE END>>>
Thanks supporters who tweet me. Now I know you can't be trusted as well.
Can it please be like this outside on Friday? #brewers #openingday CAN'T WAIT!!
so wut do u think bout dat
plz that bitch knew better she cracked me over the head with a bookbag full of books after and busted the g boi
Q from audience for Joan: are there materials that don't melt? A: yes, carbonate materials. Would be fun to make paints from them!
": Shot clock violation!!" Are you watching the Pacers game
Everyone be safe out there tonight!
And why not? We have everything but the PGA pro part :)
One direction's on replay, its on replay <3
My legs are so sore I couldn't even kick down a door
#FollowReader The book that got my teen re-hooked on reading was WORLD WAR Z.
Just watched the sunrise it was wonderful...headed to Tweet when they open then to the blue man group live...Happyness is sundays like this!
Now that 's getting bigger, it's hard to get noticed by him and that scares me.
RT : "Tens of billions that were going to subsidize banks are now going to go to students." -
- Thank you I needed this reminder today!
warning prepaid cards like visa or master card has hidden fees. like mastercard 2.95 subtracted plus 5.95 to activate it
My mom texting me at 3am reminds me of how awesome she is! :)
Just removed a rust stain from the countertop--got really excited
at the #snacksecret show!!!
Have a killa weekend!
Oh we know and love them. We know they will go first round in the draft and we love when they win.
do you have any locations in Houston?
check ya email!!
Omfg. Accidentally swallowed my cough drop. Um, ouch?? >.<
Great opening day for the
RT : - Are you voting for Mitt Romney?
Thanks Christine, it's going to be a lot of fun, lots of talented folks involved.
heart is as coals, deep-burning, unquenchable.
Yep this game is gonna be wild.
ew lifesaver gummies? of all the choices you picked those? gross.
Getting everything i needed to get out was a good idea.
What up Durantula!
check him out. love that boy
Watching this Food Hoarders show on the Cooking Channel, and seeing far too much of myself in this. Yikes.
In the shower?
thanks for the follow
3/27/1775->W Preston:I have knowledge of Henderson’s purchase of Cherokee [land]—there is something in that I neither understand nor like
Had such a good day one of my bestfriends came back:)
brb while I dig my grave. JUSTIN THIS SONG IS SO GOOD
Both tend to be a transition from a guided inquiry process to a more open inquiry.
We are still here - just practicing what it would be like to have a network put us in hiatus mid-season.
Planning super awesome road trip up Oregon coast. Sea lion caves, tidal pools, possibly lots of looking at inside of my eyelids. Niice.
The Guto is...as clean as a pig dick.
Im doing pretty good how are you?
shawty you a ten!....minus 9
Rates look there going to hold under 5% next week.
What shall I do about the little spider busily making a web in my office window? Could keep down the flying insects...
"The strength of the group is the strength of the leaders."
There's a possibility all of my followers will hate me for jamming their feeds, but certainly!!
Thank you Kofenya!!
thanks ! your link goes somewhere else though.
But thanks Dean Ginzberg for the remarks. I'll always be a brand ambassador for
after the round I played today , I might as well put my clubs on Craig's list .
Checkout the site- www.audish.com - #feedback. Let us better serve you! While you are there, checkout the productions page
How does a person #dream? And if someone has a dream... how does a one #achieve it?
Oh...ok. Got it. It doesn't matter what you write about, as long as you write. ;)
What up doe? You're going to the right spot.
You Could Thank Me Now *Drake's Voice*.
Time for the beach :)
so uw is the only D1 girls hoops program in wisconsin that matters?
I'm down
OKAY KIDDIES! Time for bed
Don't be fooled. As a salon you do not need a big, expensive flashy website. You need a simply and attractive website that get people 2book
except you :/ lol
dude i'm pumped, we're gonna have a great friday :)
"You know guys I actually kinda like it when a girl is kinda flat chested" - said by no man ever
Thanks for the follow
I'm feeling a little guilty since I've never actually been to see The Nutcracker. But this year I just cant get into the holiday spirit.
I don't use photoshop that much, but when I do, It still crashes for me like I'm a pro! Thanks Adobe!
RT RT It's now official everybody. Baseball is back. pitchers and catchers have arrived. Life is good again.
How about (French/Jewish food), Deborah Madison (veggie), (fish, terroir) & (dessert)?
doing laundry makes one feel so accomplished
well, take these notes & make an amazing paper. turn it into something positive. getting a bad grade doesn't make you an imbecile.
Why work why??
i cannot believe is 16. it's just now hitting me how much he's grown! Happy Birthday Austin! Mahomies Gonna Love<U+2665> Always
Ok, another day of Kentucky HOT! summer dayz, but this time i went to the pool! ;0)
So i'm out to dinner with my family and I tell my mom the guy across the room was attractive and she goes over there and tells him. smh
* moms trippin b/c i forgot to wake her up at 4:45 -_____-
Getting late here. Thanks for scenic flashback to '93. Have a good night.
Living in Portland is like living in a black and white world, and then when the sun comes out you're in Oz.
"The Hardest Thing To Do Is Watch The One You Love, Love Someone Else."
RT : #FF for the best deals - anywhere! - gah-lee, thanks! :) /via // agreed!
I'll see you then bro!
The people I blame for Los Angeles parking are the same people that are considered (in some religions) the Anti-Christ.
by my daddy house watching the game with the fam wsup honey
how did those healthy chocolate chip bars turn out?
Paula Deene cookware on sale on Overstock. I wonder if it comes pre-buttered.
<U+266B> NEW MUSIC: Mindless Behavior – “Valentine’s Girl” -
I like being busy and doing things. "Chilling" does not really work for me.
root canal > LA
RT : That was pretty scary. But good, as long as Samardzija's ok.
ha! Too cold. But also, I am on a mission for a patio set.
maybe I'm just out of it, but what song is that? Lol
Santorum: "I'm not going to change with the climate." This, he said, after denying existence of climate change.
I shrunk an inch :\
Missed Margarita Monday tho...
sure I'll take one for weekend <U+0001F604><U+0001F61D>
RT Alright I'm done I just remembered said I tweet in bulk. Lmbo....Because you do!!!
I NEED HELP BADLY I NEED NIALL TO FOLLOW ME TODAY I HAD A HORRIBLE DAY AND I AM CRYING!!:,( i Need advice thanks<33
RT : This is going to work or it doesn't
Yall think I should make a "I Dont Like" (Remake)
& I'm out playing pool "/
I think this breach just proves the "Big Miss" that is the PCI requirements. They can't secure their own environments.
I like seeing Durant participating in sports
Meredith College Reaches Out to Spanish-Speaking Applicants: Meredith College has developed a "College... dlvr.it/mBXj1
1 year anniversary of #thedecision today so I'm taking my talents to athens tonight
spring break has been so boring
- yes like their better! Gtfoh!!
I think it's time to stage a #Yankees intervention with
Makes your birthday present a more valuable gift lol.
I'm gonna miss all my senior friends. And miss the senior soccer people I've come to know. But I'll be there soon enough.<3.
Gingrich...was a soft package of sour narcissism, like a moldering lemon w/ a sunken white fuzzy spot where his head should be
#themost This girl with the stank face that just came into Simpkins <<<<<<<<<<<<
sucks for you
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope or wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything. Napoleon Hill
GOD, Family & Friends always come first..
A strong core protects the back. You don't need to move to develop your core. The core functions to dampen movement not create movement.
“: Did you watch TLC at all? Thought I'd say Hello! Haven't seen you on here much...” I watched it :)
thanks!“: Your vegan chocolate parfait is awesome, even though I am no vegan foodie. Great alternative indeed!!!”
Thanks for the RT. I wish I knew about the AMA while I was still in school because I would have definitely become a member..
Prosecutor: We don't know what happened but she probably didn't want her kid so she must have been responsible.
One last hit n im off to bed...yall be easy n I'll get wit ya tomorrow my twiggas
I got chocolate on my shirt :/
I need infinite buckets so that I could puke in it.
Going in to a long term strategic planning meeting. Fingers crossed. Maybe toes too.
Scrapbookin'. I'm such a loser lol
glad you agree. :)
line of the night "what my name is?" Lol,
If you want to get into or return to tabletop RPGs, I can report that the #pathfinder beginner box is awesome.
I'm back to focusing on me again tired of being pushed to the side so I'm doing my own mixtape called "SELF MADE" BY DJ DONTE GREEN
Hard tacos are easy to make!
wow u just levined that
oh ok. why does everything remind me of you. can i go back like 3 months and do things differently so now you'd be mine and not hers?
Man, installing w/ Xcode command line tools only <U+0001F603>
Is this the category for best supporting actor or for most absorbent undergarments?
you for your support. See you Sunday. You are the best. Cynthia Harris
Finally done with babysitting, almost 5 hours....im so tired
thanks girl
idunno were to start
I can deal going in to intermission down 2, but 3 or more and the goose is cooked. Gotta get one to get 4.
Yo check us out! On Pandora and 1st album on iTunes
Sphere Promotional Media & Design will have weekly up-dates on how to market your business efficiently and on a budget!
#packers should probably go for 2 if they can find the endzone again.
This is so awesome to hear!
Thank you for the mention about our guitar documentary and the threat of the loss of trees to guitars.
Don't give up on life when a problem comes traveling through just keep your head up and keep on going.
Just returned from daughters highschool orientation - I'm pretty sure I'm in over my head...
Yay! Icooked for the first time n ididnt burn myself
Only 3 and a half days of school this week , I can do this .
whoa he IS awesome!!
I'll come down tomorrow for more tips - only got as far as twitter tonight
Just shut up Macie...
Feeling a bit anti-impressionist? Bill McGlaughlin delves into Les Six this week on #ExploringMusic. It starts tonight at 10 on WQED-FM
scream is fantastic!!
Sick of bullshit and being taken advantage at jobs. Things will change soon.
Huge!!!!! Mega break
ANGEL 8.0 is generally available! www.blackboard.com/angel
ambition drops on my bday live
we hope you make your flight! The school number in Santiago is 3034955963 or 22334356 once you're in Chile
I'm alllmooost done with this semester
Where did all my content go? oh yeah, i'm on the dev site. Whew.
best retweet ever
people who are amused by little late things
Just saw the commercial at the theatre, and it's brilliant! I love a good ad
lol Oh. My fault. I gotta new #
RT Up too early, #sleepy .... I feel you if don't nobody in the world feel you I do lol...
$2000 for a burn from a fish sandwich. What a day you are having, person next to me on light rail.
Hey Ellen! Thanks for the retweet ~ you're so sweet! ;)
we just got a shoutout ! :D woot woot. so how are the truebieberfans out there doing ? only a little bit more than a week til my world ! :D
- Thx for the mention!
haha heard that!
It looks like your RN Badges are coming today! Will you take pics and tag on FB? facebook.com/janetlover
Welcome to twitter! Get a picture up when you can - people are suspicious of those sans avatars.
I would but my roommate is making dinner. I was jut trying make you feel guilty. ;)
in 15 years of teaching tonight was one of the best rehearsals I have seen with youth ANIMAL FARM THIS WEEKEND THIS IS MIND BENDING WORK
Good grief tulo
#debate08 how do i tune into who is following the debate and comments? I just saw this clue at the top. Direct message me please :) thanks!
A triple for his hotness :)
Chilling on being free : "Road Of A Superstar That's Not Famous"
I'm getting my diet on point, workout program straight, and motivation level all the way up!
Someone i trust and tell everything to even though we dont talk 24/7
no y
Fact: The growth of cancer cells can be slowed down by smoking marijuana
who were we supposed to root. For?? RT: “: BG AND were cheering for kU tonight? Geez, I can't listen to 93.7 anymore!
when are you moving?
"All of a sudden, its like I'm holding a pony" So wise, and SO funny!
I'm dead rn.
RIP #DonnaSummer - You'll be missed.
24-17, so no Irish Wake last night, thank God.
It also helps a lot when you make every put between 5' to 15' on the final round. Save pars--win the tournament.
This forgotten gem is turning collector's heads like it did back in 1988 and will be known as the most valuable Jose Canseco card on earth!
i believe in the #maddencurse just as much as i believe in the #curseoftito :|
waiting on ppl kills. ._.
You'll have to stop by & ask—flavors change daily/randomly! RT : how can I learn your popcorn flavor of the day?
Dec 15, 1925, Clarence William's Blue Five recorded "Shake It Down And Get It Fixed" in New York City for OK Records.
Go Follow They giving out great tips for independent #Artist .........
I sent you an email with the link to download it.
Come in today to check out our wide selection of Halloween Decorations!
haven't read it yet, but I bought it for my neice b/c I'd heard such good things! Can't wait!
I don't want to ask for anything, I want the system to know... and right now the system is dumb, really dumb.
I did follow you first :-)
I prefer my filing system to be label-less
Solyndra and Open Range...nuff said.
same here! it was a blast!! Muah
: you say it's too late to make it, but is it too late to try?but in our time that you waisted,all of our bridges burned down
Hahaha. Yes ma'am!!! They're not ready for
Don’t you dare remember me the moment I start forgetting you.
you're so welcome
Creation in itself testifies there's a God
Everybody has different opinions
looking forward to meeting you as well!
I am tattooless but hear good things bout
I'm walking on sunshine! <U+0001F604><U+2600>
That a boy Brandon Inge!
The effing autocorrect version of brass
You have all 10 of my votes!!!
um, what is going on. You and both used #urgetokill as a hashtag. Is there something in the air or is it trending? Lol
Cook County Democratic Women Endorses: Ameya Pawar
Success is not measured by what you accomplish but by the opposition you have encountered.
better finals rematch...heat mavs or bulls zombie sonics?
I guess
Of course, I am also a bitter misanthrope, so that explains it too. And fuck you.
Getting this dumb romeo and juliet hw done with. Fuck this lol they die in the end anyway
we should tax them accordingly
The Fawn - The Sea & Cake
Goodnight world
All that's missing is the stomach knot, nausea, fear of failure/death & having to suit up.. Depression in full effect tho!
I.Don't.Want.To.Go.To.School.For .The. Cat.Test. :(
I don't get off till 6...what's troy and jhas gon b doin out there
#CEO of meat supplier Fair Oaks Farms says at #besupdiv great customer relations is key for leaders. Always be there!
Okkaaay, I tell them "I don't do housecalls"
Good morning. Full slate ahead. What else is new? Just glad to be here. Have a grand grind day!
Luck is when preparation meets opportunity. Our job is to make the introductions.
That said, LOTS of UI/UX problems with Ushahidi & crowdmap. We're looking into that :-)
Been so busy lately I haven't had much tweeting time! Going well, about to launch another site this week.
Wide awake....insomnia
I love your phrase- not everyone can create a filing system put of a piling system! Great!!
In keeping with my positivism, I'm going to say,"have a lovely day, everyone!" We all know what that really means. Teeheheheh >;) <3 xo
really all I said what your cute then you started talking shit so yea okay
not quite sure.... Hahaha
Once again Coach Q proves he is the worst shootout coach in the NHL. Hossa never scores, why does he never let Frolik go?
watching got tired of watching the globes got borning
Why pay millions for something you can put online, right?
Massage parlor raid... so much for my happy ending
@ Valley India cafe with my spouse; Enjoyed Authentic south Indian cuisine in LA after a long time! Goat biryani must try.
Good run extended - This is Kent
Wow is all I can say. Punter on third round? Really? Glad I am a Ravens fan!
Had a great couple days in TX. Love seeing families passionate about swimming & spending time w/ , KLJ, MW.
Clipper damn near ran a master plan on them niggas
iknowwww we should change that.! (:
later, cause you'll probably eat it all before the movie even starts.
#OloYogurt is only .18 cents/ouce today to celebrate leap year, get to Nob Hill & have THE BEST FroYo in the West!
happy birthday!!
And so it begins RT : wifi is not working!!
thanks for coming out and meeting us at griffs
... have already started them ... yours will have a lil' something xtra in it!!!
Want to start planning for disney next year already ^.^
I have almost no followers, but am a proud directioner. Could you RT for this loyal fan?
Best thing about being right under the roof: I get to hear every bit of this wickedly awesome storm!!!
WARPED TOUR ALL DAY<33333
Thanks for the RT
I know -.- the thing is I got sunrise at the book fair randomly and then I just kept reading from there, I love her books!
RT #quote #Christian #Moms "There never was a child so lovely but his mother was glad to get him asleep."
The satisfaction of knowing you still think about me
I've been looking forward to a March12 win!
and I refuse to reinstall it cuz I don't wanna loose my CC. -____-
then again , theres times where all you can do is wait . . #smh .
Game on, it'll be Rotties - Synth, Maulers - Asa when action resumes momentarily
Looking for affordable Bare Minerals cosmetics in Austin? You found us! Stop by any of our stores and experience Bare Minerals for yourself!
Ricky just regripped his clubs. Said he loves it. I think I need to
Great sense of history - that was 1954!
View Top Choices a Second Time Before Buying That First Home
smh me too man for the past 2 days !
well I think it uses data but yea for the folks who want bootleg bbm/imessage/texts
MILWAUKEE edged out San Antonio by ONE hour Monday for listener hours on Rhythm & Jazz Radio with only 8 hours between SA, LA, KC, and ATL!
great lunch and conversation ... Love the 3D video cool stuff
John Doyle - Jack Dolan - 12:18 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
going to California to meet my friends :) Should be fun
All I want is for you to notice me<33
Romney wins the Connecticut and Rhode Island primaries
Dont take life to seriously , noone gets out alive ...
FORMULA,DiAPERS,OATMEAL<U+2665>
yep...his cowardice is LEGENDARY
Yepp. Do you need the citation?
hey, I'm not the one who's rooting for the Clippers here
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth. -
Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it.
Have fun in England!! There is always next year for the book fair. :)
Haha I do not know much respect! happy to James C:
Happy Earth Day! Crestline Homes recognizes the importance of adopting green building policies.
Living In The Shadow Chapter 9 - car seats baby with animals
Just watched Citizen Kane with you. It was glorious. I learned a whole lot. And I thought I knew a whole lot.
For sure! RT Looking forward to setting some dates for The Bullpen, Nats Park, or Truckeroo this year!
damn. that's depressing.
Went to the mall and got myself my first pair of Vans today. ~le swag~
I call bullshit, cuz then you'll never know where to go when the volcano blows.
going good also :)
Well now you know... Imy too! Especially in school! Rogers is killing me! Freaking making us write madd essays! X(
I go through the day a lot less nervous now that I have that phone interview secured. I am almost nice.
Free Nook w/ 1yr subscription to NYT. I'm tempted to accept.
#MCLaunch No one says, "I'm so glad you played it safe!" Entrepreneurs don't regret running startups, successful or not.
oh... That is great! I will deff be there!
u r one of the lucky ones! I wear a tie almost everyday (do I rock em, of course) but deep down TSHIRT & JEANS please
Real interested in what Buzz Williams will have to say about the road atmosphere following this game, win or lose.
JusDroppedANew1 "The Empire" Go Peep It SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat My Emails If U Wanna Do Biz
don't EVER compare the OKC thunder to ANYTHING the #SeattleSonics did...
LOL sounds good to me ;D
yes, but Pineda stunk second half last year and showed up over weight to camp “: Cash: Pineda's MRI was clean before trade”
On the tarmac in Atlanta...one more flight.
Make sure yall follow my homie for original real life and comical tweets.. Oh and did I mention dis nigga can spit!!
Please pray for Mike an employee who was rushed to hospital this afternoon & is now undergoing an 8 hr heart surgery.
Going over to hangout with #studydate...!
I play saxophone. #whatcanyoudo? Trend it!
Good info here. Thanks for the follow.
does it involve girls kissing girls in parking lots?
I always say indeed. I'm proud of myself. It makes you sound smart. I look like a teacher with glasses O.o
oh, I HEART the zombie engagement photos!!
I miss you #Whitney <U+0001F612>
This post needs to be everywhere in can be posted! Thank you!
yummy! I went there last night for my birthday. I could recommend the catfish too!
Crossing my fingers. Crossing everything! :)
get rid of the first one this is the new one......long story....
Greg, those flower close-ups are fantastic! :)
i miss you daddy please come home soon.
and all is right with the world...good night.
I hate people who lack the sense of a common person
Garlic bread too?
Have you joined our valued program? W.sushisasadenver.com/valuedprogram/
We want to know - Would you get a service animal to assist you with daily activities based on a disability? What type of animal would it be?
Getting another tattoo this summer , I only have 1 . Ppl barely know I got that one !
or atleast wear a bag over your head
RT : i've moved a lot in the past ten years.
#whatcouldtopwednesday saints and members of NFC announce secession, reviving USFL
Then ima get behind it &d ima make that thang ride,riiidddeeee :D
"Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education." — Martin Luther King Jr.
When is it? I shud be in ny 28-29 WE anyway : I was just looking into it!
With my girliesss :*
Paula is mad because they didn't ask her out, she is a Hater.
I love Him so much, I love how close we are.. I wouldn't change us for the world
Now I know why I wasn't ready to leave the house. But I need to.
I've been great! Howw have you been?
Locker channeled Steve McNair on that TD!
Don't miss Frank Gaard's show while you're --I went to see LifeLike & Waters & Gaard's what knocked me out most
"A seat at the table" and "two-way conversations" are important to the success of ERM URMIA11#
...to students who ARE a good fit for grad school & who can't imagine other options.The pendulum has swung too far against it. (2/2)
#ThanksToMyEx I realized if somebody wants to walk out of your life you need to let them go & throw that hoe a going away party.
Id like to see some legit D help & yes that means bringing JOduya back. Not sure about a goalie, Craw is signed cheap for 2 yrs
I wish that my dreams come true and you follow me! <U+2665> Girl you are my hero! my role model! Thanks to you I am stronger !<U+2665>
In/near #ClvdHts? Watch for 40 new app sites this summer! Join us for an app-enhanced Coventry Village tour May 19.
Bus owner: we need a restorative justice system for people who pee in public (ie you get caught, you have to clean new PSq restroom)
oh- that stink in the alley is just an old drunk ghost
its so funny that every time you say "Good Morning" I am now heading to bed or have not even reached my bed yet!! lol
Shame on for correlating UF budget cuts & athletics budget increase. UAA privately funded & giving $6M to school this yr!
& add the perfect handbag! RT "Give a girl the right shoes and she can conquer the world." --Marilyn Monroe
I think the boys need a rockstar at halftime.
"As God is my witness, I thought turkeys could fly."
Time to watch Hugh, Go. I hope it lives up to the hype.
Shout out to our pals at We dig their tasty beverages! Anybody have a fave flavor? Stop by 739 SW 10th this week to try one!
Which workshop are you in? I was in between A and C. Decided on C.
shut up you animal shagger and go back to burry port
thanks for the vocabsushi shout out. Let me know if you have any feedback! Good or bad. I'm all ears.
i eat carrot with Nutella ! yummies .
I'm kinda done getting fucked up all the time.
This sneezing must stop !!
P.S. I joined the smart phone club: switched to Sprint and got an Evo.
Tony Romo reminds me of an old coworker. Same big ears and "dumb" eyes.
prepping a postcard for print, answering email, the usual crazy Mondayness
Why does everyone have flashlights right now?
No glasses buddies? Aw...
Dir. Eide tells audience public expectations are growing for protecting safety regarding radiological preparedness.
too nyquild to have the full convo but its Bonds elephant or not
RT : RT s/o to the House that Chapman Built - Happy Charter Day to the BN bruhs!
I'm gonna miss our fun golf "practices" <U+0001F601>
We have Crackle nail polish!
RT : Make your description appealing and use key terms.
save me now cause im falling down...
To all the girls I've lubed before. Who travelled in and out my door. I'm glad they came along, I dedicate this song...
blah blah blah inspiring quote
Wishing you a Happy, Healthy and Prosperous 2010!
Bionic Frog just came in, come out and try a 100 point wine from Cayuse!
Sucks for the #Cowboys to lose out on WR Laurent Robinson to the Jags for 5yrs $32.5M. Question is, is he a one-hit wonder? Dude got paid...
that looks AMAZE! What and where? Congrats on a great production!
(: your nice
life is a climb, but the view is better.. hannah montana the movie.. (";)
Do you miss me like I miss you? Prolly not lol
THANK YOU!!! RT just checked out at their fb page!...really good band! go like them facebook.com/mufasatheband
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there! Hope your day is a special one!
Comments like you in a sun dress and raining require pictures for the visual effect of the moment... :-)
I didn't know there were two 6ams in the day.
CAN NOT WAIT for #Believe and your Christmas album! Its weird thinking you'll have new music soon! But I'm sure it'll great!
Look like Italian, I am in for Dooks, so is Usher. U need to get a hold of Gooser
Japan scores to go ahead 2-1 against Sweden in the 59th minute.
bro I sent you my cell number.
Is it sad that I want to see Titanic again even though I saw it on Saturday hahah. I'm just so interested in the history of it. I'm a nerd.
I'll take black, javs will take reg? #ihaddibs !?! I'll look at both, right now I'd say b then reg, could change mind
Ha! We all do! It's quite a challenge!
In the Summer I want to teach me how to wake board. (:
W goes to Mayweather easy. That being said find it ridiculous how boxers carry all their belts to the ring. LMAO.
I'm looking for an article on fasting... You know, in case one of you wonderful peeps happens to have just read one.
Ur mommas so short she can do backflips under the bed....
will deff check this out! Keep em coming man!
that would be all day long.
*takes a seat* sigh LOL. I looked good though didn't I?
Dual-Mode Telephony Solutions Fall by the Wayside...
Thanks for the DAM retweet!
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: Conditional deletions of MeCP2 can be exploited to map neural origin of complex behaviors & neuropsych symptoms.
Getting ready for the weekend after a busy week of marketing and PR.
NOBODY has more of your videos than me!!! I have thousands still in the box!
Its too early! Ugh Volleyball
Don't get in a hurry and leave your suds in the bucket !!!!!!!!
#dtc354 story, clues and locations are just about all wrapped up. having issues with gps and caching but should have it all debugged soon!
as far as a relationship
Thanks very much! I'm sorry we didn't get a chance to catch up more at The Parlour. Here's hoping we cross paths again soon!
hey stay dry tonight.
I wish I could be in a Bollywood movie
I am so sad when white folks deliberately turn a blind eye to their racist actions. Especially when they present as anti-racist.
Thanks Tim, really appreciate that, good times in Seattle.
Some ppl say Rawr means I lov u in dinosor I just think it means run Im gonna eat you =P
Real men sit at the bar
Mike and I are joining our church "64 ways in 64 days" in solidarity during the season of peace and non violence. look it up and join us!
We like our brass bands just like we like our bacon: extra crispy!!! Come check out Extra Crispy Brass Band tonight at UPTOWNER!!
he was dealing today. Impressive outing.
i hate them nd i hope they go 2hell :@
Haha! My friend at loves sandwiches from publix too!
#TVnext For Greg: What, if any, parallels do you see between advertising in gaming and advertising in social?
Volley will help eliminate paper mail ! That's a savings for all of us! Learn more by calling us at 505-899-3104.
I wonder if #Braun and #Rodgers will ever open a business together? Now that would be cool!
it was close to the end, it's gone off now lol.
Sounds fun. Have a great day shopping.
Lol who said size don't matter 8''-10" long 2½" wide make it happen :-P
should be 7
“: Maybe the best we can do is do what we love as best we can. GALWAY KINNELL"
I really enjoyed getting to meet and learn from colleagues in the field.
Sometimes....a stranger can b your best friend# theladykiller
Was going to say something mean about the girl at Best Buy who said, "Oh, The Rocketeer on Blu-Ray!" ... then I bought Enemy of the State.
Thanks for the shout out!
Next up on the "I can't sleep, bad horror movie marathon" is Satan's Little Helper. We may have a winner.
It been hectic, glad it Friday :) and yours?
Nadaaaaaal ROCKS!!!!!! Let's see now Djokovic vs. Federer :))))
"Look what you did you little jerk!"
I will have this stuck in my head all night! MT : Pete the Cat & His Four Groovy Buttons top the best seller list!
New Icon And Back Ground !! :D
Do woman lie as much as men do??? Lemme kno wht yu think... topic for this song I'm bout to record called "Faithful"... W.O.R.D.
KMR's twitter name is :) Just thought I would share so everyone can see the results from home. So proud of !
Maybe he had to go to the bathroom, like not sick bathroom. If you no what i mean.
Interview with Center for Digital Government...the best line, "we aren't a one hit wonder."
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Mon, May 7 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
Awesome Mike looking forward to it!
Will you add a few more pics. That one is so beautiful. I miss the ocean and the California sky. Please :)
I think my body is 82% made of buffets. Not mad about it.
nah JKJKJKJKKJKJKJKJKJKJK no but really i do <3
Or any day RT : No fucks are being given today.
Just because you have 140 characters doesn't mean you have to use them. Shorter messages get more RTs.
I'm gonna take a nap. Okay? Okay.
nice find.
“: yea most def. Send me his info.”< hit the website Tyrone info on there W.mobstyleproductions.com
Don't be jelly. But I'm about to murk this sammich with hot sauce on it.
YAYYYY! were going this weekend.
My nails make me can not tweet
for a complicated girl , she ain't that hard to figure out <3
I hate to do this but I would realllyyyy love it if u could follow me on the paramore account! It would really make my day!
Thank you! Glad you had a great time at LDCM.
My Last Tweet Of 2011;D See Yaa ! We've Had Our Ups And Downs , But I'm Ready For A NEW Chapter <3 (:
I got u
Aww mama Joyce!
Oh cool, MariaAbroad has been featured on as Top Study Abroad Blog! Thank you so much! www.gooverseas.com/study-abroad-blogs
Congrats to RG3 for winning the Heisman Trophy!!
I'll always love The Beatles
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 108
After all these years, I'm going back to #Kenwood to do my #CollegeBound volunteering. Very cool!
Happy fourth to all the American funk ninjas out there!
Nothing better than a happy birthday message from Madonna. Thank you! :-)
I know & you seem innocent enough not to do that ! I saw a girt today who took a pic in her s-bra and I was like not cute
Here's my number, so call me maybe!?
Should I or should I not buy the 6-week package? I'm thinking yes.
Will be visiting the come game day. #RCTID from your homegrown #Portland #Chiropractor. Go #Timbers!
Buy a book as a gift, not a e-reader gift card #makeitpersonal Why not buy one from our used bookstore?
Jupiter .....RT : Pluto “: Im gone too the moon”
Looking for a good-yet-ambient videogame soundtrack to play in the background while writing. Suggestions? (?)
What u on
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Friday 03/30/12 is Ian, Sally and Dan!
bueno... time for me to try to take a nap... bye for now
"Hey, sorry I never responded. I ended up quitting my job & moving to Israel to become a scuba instructor." - best opening line of an email.
Shift from task to purpose!
That was awesome!!! Thanx for sharing.
i wanna know why no matter what, the guy is the asshole when a couple breaks up
Can't wait to hear Jay electronica's album
no:( 3 months from now..
Is Katherine Heigl aware of what her hair looks like?
Back from the annual NARPM trade show in Dallas - two armadillo races later Foundation Rentals is bringing fresh rental industry...
should make a cuban alter ego, he would be crazy af!
#Jayhawks if u can't go hard inside, u got no chance!! #Kentucky vs
Goodnight everyone
In a word: wisdom. A1.
Mayweather being accompanied by Bieber is pretty ridiculous
So excited to bring the word tonight!
Check out the new video featuring the saxophone styling of Ryan Roscoe & and a most energetic performance (again) from Brian
"I'm the kind of guy that can fall in love with anybody. I don't love with my eyes, I love with my heart." - Niall Horan He's so adorable!
.....6 and a half months and counting.......and a life time to come...
thank you Sam. Been gone a while. :)
Text me when you're here!
OMG. You said hot sticks. Care to put the "do" up with a rabbits foot bow?
So pleased to be working with to help create happy workplaces!
Senior halloween part 2
thats a lie
“ happy belated birthday”-Thanks
wine..ill be over in a minute
i texted back(:
wasted dollars IMO. Who clicks on ads?! It's grasping at straws. Advertisers seem lost, it's all about relationship marketing.
Cooking on the grill... With a yuengling in hand.
Wow so many new Followers this week... Thank you all so much! Don't forget to #FF our
The government is concerned about the population explosion, and the population is concerned about the government explosion.
A shower a day won't hurt you!
I fuck her good & she always ride it 4 me
Sisterhood is being redefined without my consent.
Coolin on my end
Thanks for the sweet tweets this week!
Just saw the first 30 min of the rough cut of TRINGLED and I must say I feel very good about what we've got! Hope you will too.
subscribe to our Twitter feed and get the latest news in real time!
The Sonics...I mean the #Thunder wins!
to continue your metaphor...the "pigs" threaten the production of the "food" for everyone, not just the farm "mortgage holders."
Jealousy is a shade that doesn't work for me. I'm better than this.
If I remember correctly...
Cant something like that mess up the week thanks uk who u are
*announcer voice* What a move from james!
between options A, B, and C, don't be afraid to chose Q.
I think they do but green has way less and is supposed to be good for your skin.
That's Dope. Let Me Know When I Can Check Out That Music Video
you know... when you like someone... you know what a good topic to discuss is? religion. jkkk, this is gross.
If I had my way, things would be totally different. Still gonna keep hope alive though. :)
No just tanning beds because of that lady who brought her little girl in the tanning bed with her.
The mantle of #leadeship is for your shoulders- not trophies.
But there are two of us. And we're quick-witted and will thus run circles around everyone else
'Kay, I know it was a few hours ago but it wasn't offensive. You're funny and everyone's a critic so don't feel bad. <3
I used to live in Hawaii actually haha, tickets are too expensive at the moment. But def. planning to go soon! What's your deal?
they always make moves that dont work
Tool Academy! ;-)
THIS! ": "Cuz I wont give up on us, even if the clouds get rough, i'll give you all my love, cuz god knows we're worth it" <3"
So glad we made the short trek away from the barren convention center. It was worth every moment of BBQ goodness.
#RIPDonaldDuckDunn --no, not Donald Duck--Donald "Duck" Dunn....bass player for
": Learned about the free online tool "Storify" for digital storytelling, new attendees workshop. Storify.com
- anxiety is just anticipation + fear. Replace the fear with joy, and you have excitement. In theory.
I concur.
Matt Kemp ... Best and most complete player in the MLB right now.
I dont think so - its all ages im quite positive!
": got my ballot...and you got my vote."~Thanks for your support good brother! 06!
Wow! RT : RT : The only way this game can get worse for the Lakers is if Kobe breaks down and rapes one of the Mavs.
Don't talk unless you can improve the silence. ~ Jorge Luis Borges
Rain won't dampen fun. FLA Pres reception moved indoors Lemon/Lime. 5:30.
Thanks for the #gmail sorting recommendation. Geez...did I really read all this stuff???
Thank you for sharing my article!
omg what i do ?
Looking ahead to future "Music Friday's" on my radio show.....there will be QUEEN and there will be Johnny Cash. Journey leading 4 this Fri.
my main cologne smell , usher >
thanks duder! hope you're well!
If u have to ask....
she got a little taste & she wants more ;P
If you're rockin a smart phone don't forget to "check-in" on your Facebook app while you're here. Thanks for the love Cbus!
i expect to see lots more pictures this summer :)
Missouri’s top court refuses to hear KC murder case
i think we're multiple: even the online/offline selves are often blended as worlds enmesh. i interact w/ppl in both.
Mega sat down to 10...on the bubble with 2 other short stacks...taking forever.....9th pays $2600 cash top 8 get a seat
Spreadsheet part of the brain is rusty ... Is there something like split() function for Excel for Mac 08?
#EngineersWeek is officially underway! 7 humanoid robots just rocked out on stage! Check out the #robotics competition in the Main Building!
Something you should only eat once a year. An open face sandwich with your choice of meat topped with fries and cheese sauce.
puts on a clinic as the punish the hawks 101-79! Let's go celtics!
Chance the Rapper
Thanks to Sarkeys Foundation, ptokc teachers are at a training on techniques to better teach children in poverty!
I vote for a "Dogs You Missed in History" episode
Funny to see you someplace other thank skibo
Because we're never ganna be as young as we are tonight, We'll let the world know we're alive. we're here to chase the flashing lights ~
that's what I thought, too. But now he's got no time in the bank, after this one.
you performing? Where is standard at thoggy
Anyone using a stylus with their ipad to take notes? Any recommendations on a good one?
-as graceful on the yoga mat as at the table
Can i kill that little monster 16 year old?
Doh! RT : Another PR fail: Don't pitch media fluff stories for next month on busy Super Tuesday and day of big arena vote.
thanks for the follow buddy! :-)
i love the Pirates films! thx for letting us know
This is HighSchool gym class, not the Olympics.
For your convenience, starting January 24th we will offer GROOMING for your pets 6 days a week....more updates to come!
Dr. Klineberg presents the 31st annual Houston Area Survey
My grandparents were born in the 19th century though, so it's totally okay.
The stuff they say doesn't make sense, makes sense to anyone who actually listens to dialogue, watches scenes, & has basic logic skills.
THE BEACH!
waiting on out check :)
Pay dat man for hiz swag
ok... #facebook seems to have fixed their issue, for the moment at least...
Had an amazing time at !! Thanks to everyone who made the trip fun and interesting. How many of you did we meet?
"Poetry is like a zip file for language" - in
I love the rain <3 except when my lights go out -.-
Idc if he's washed up, he's solely responsible for me becoming a Magic fan.
Truth. You could call it This Mutha's Life or My Mother Flipping Life or Who Just Shat on my Chenile or Shits and Giggles
damn bro why you gotta do that to me
What has been your most memorable souvenir from your trips to Anna Maria Island?
Go digital? (You can order for Kindle or Nook any time w/out the wait)
when can you come to OC?
they are and it is.
Today was just a waste.
ugh YES. I've been listening to them all day.
“: Your streak of bad luck will end at precisely the moment you decide it is over." Yep
The mothball smell is back in my room and each minute I'm in there I lose a little bit of sanity. Help.
Congrats to and who both just scored the password to #CovertTU tonight! Great job guys!
she wrote and wrote and wrote until her hand disjointed and fell off, she was obliged to visit the hand boutique, and pick up a new model.
Aaron Eckhart rocks the butt chin
#JustPromiseMe that I will meet Ed Sheeran again some day.
Thanks! Great community! RT : Jiffy-Lube! Jiffy-Lube! and Matt, whoever you are, thanks!
Ryan Beatty is verified before wtf is wrong with this world?:/
- please text me?
That sounds like a lot of fun :-) Yes the tour is going great. We just finished a show in Pharr Texas.Tons of fun!
Pulling treasures from the #archives to wow the newbies at New Student Orientation tomorrow.
reet when you're best friend ignores you cause she doesn't wanna see you.
"Happiness Is A Warm Gun" Lennon considered this one of his favorites. It's also Paul McCartney's favorite song on The White Album.
good luck, ladies.
hi Amy just wanted to say my wife and I love u. My wife use to work for melrose coop bank. She took care of grampa Carl
RT : Shouts outs to thanks Latrellhart
Steve Christie of the #BuffaloBills chatting with us now on
D. Willis has ALWAYS been a better NL pitcher than AL this would be worth a shot... don't trade prospects for him just Suppan
more them 40% of people who jump the hoan and hit the water survive...just hope you don't get stuck in the mud
This creepy person is texting me and their saying its you... is it? lol
I wish I had the idea for your cousin Cop to tweet from Carlyle back in the day. brilliant!
Better check urself before u wreck urself
Nancy Grace rightfully asks "why test strappy heels" for soil from burial site. In any other case, no way. Here, you just never know.
Heed the still small voice that so seldom leads us wrong, and never into folly.Marquise du Deffand
I'm sure he's fine. You guys were so cute, but I wont mention it, k? :)
I bought a crystal jar at the Savvy Fox boutique today. Joke on them: it's for condoms. Joke on me: there's nobody to bang where I'm living.
Just checked the USPS tracker and they should be there very soon! Had to redo the entire shipment because of label errors- Blah!
I feel like people have this fantasy idea that a "perfect relationship" just comes to you.. No, it's the furthest think from easy
You are welcome!!! Wishing you all the best!!!
you rlly need a profile picture
. Comedians, sometimes, have an element of truth in what they say. If this is true, what a choice!
you'd be surprised at how well knows this song. -_-
every time you use XML, a JSON angel dies.
i Love you Julian <3!
"these are stairs." - a perceptive old lady
Ohh Today is going to be a great day!!!!
Okay, what's everyone doing for Valentines Day... Besides the obvious ;)
trying to arrange something in san palo with bicycle film festival eventually yes
Belts. They are the best investment!!
Late to the game, but congrats to and everyone else who became a ¡Doctor of Philosophy! or ¡Master of Science! today!
Tomorrow? RT : Bayliss will be insufferable tomorrow.
I think I love airports!
Won my first softball game of the season!!:)
Who's got some great Holiday Recipes they want to share with everybody?
is it a zombie comic? If so...can I see??
Tizen OS set to run Android apps
Happy Friday Huskies! Congratulations to Everyone who is Graduating Today!
Collaboration allows me to highlight the wonderful talents of so many artisans and craftsmen - love doing this!
Keep tweeting those Bustos Pics! Tag 'em #BustosAustin to win FREE admission to our opening Saturday, Bustos will be there!
We love you guys!
“: #TeamTwistStillOnTop like how I stay on top and ride that TJ.. Ain't that right ;)” <U+0001F633><U+0001F633><U+0001F633>
good question. i guess you would.
#Dick Clark - Rest in peace
I Havnt gone to the doctors yet
Dreading tomorrow. Miss my mommy. <U+0001F494><U+0001F614>
Oh. I'm so sorry. Everything will be alright.
Thx for responding. After 15 minutes she tried to transfer me and accidentally hung up. I figured it out online.
What's the deal with Seastrunk? When will know if he's eligible this season? How will that work?
"Be gentle to all and stern with yourself." Saint Teresa of Avila
Could be a casual chat, might be just a "tad" bit more!
: who needs an idea? #IHaveAnIdea! Can't believe no one has done this yet. I need 2 tell someone abt it. Venturers... 122011
Call me immediately reFundraiser issues !
That last at bat by Braun just made me cry.
": I'm not angry that you've moved on, I'm sad because I can't."
U can't always control everything in life.. so stop trying to. Life just happens..
Just went to Portland Pie and I'm in love!
I got bit by 3 dang mosquitos & one of those bites is on the back of my neck. Sneaky little suckers!
Can I have a beef burrito with sour cream, and a hard-shell taco on the side? Oh, and a Corona beer. Thanks, very much ;)
maybe not a bad thing for the team, but for my health, yes.
Big W for Bucky but that is only 1 game need 2 wins for the series. It will be another battle tomorrow. "22" vs everybody else
The international Faith Conference is a powerful faith tune-up.
Andy Dalton... STUD
Naw you know I effs with you ! Look in your DM.
looks like a good time!
Pizza and beer, the best breakfast ever
: We'd love to see your beard at work. What are your thoughts on chowders, stews, gumbos, gazpacho?
That moment when you log onto your fba email for the first time today since the internet was down, & you have 42 new emails
yes ikr lol! now I'm getting hated' on for sharing my opinion. oh well
Aint That A Shame How They Fxck Up Yo Name.
Date night at Karma Sushi :)
Ugh why school. Can i just go back and relive concert over and over again?
#beforetwitter, only my facebook friends would know that I did not enjoy the sour milk I just drank
I have this weird urge to put my ass in a large bowl filled with peanut butter.
In the war between cats & dogs, cats definitely win when it comes to interwebs dominance.
'every move'.. I hope that helps. best wishes.
Business or pleasure? I've done both, had more fun on the pleasure trip though ;)
See? they know!! RT : We appreciated the growing support! Please follow for more information about the opening!
To the person who works in back & has nothing but negative things to say when you come to the front: please stop.
Dear lord! RT Congratulations to this afternoon's 50/50 Raffle Winner who won $26,670!
My phone battery has been on 20% twice today.
We have our friday! is joining the collaborative,
#YOLO is so fucking annoying. We obviously only live once, no need to say it every 10 fucking seconds.
#music is the way of life.
attribution? Credit? You must be joking... Why would Apple ever want me to do such things?
Need more time? Take 2 days and keep track of how you spend your time. You'll find you have nearly twice as much downtime as you think!
That's totally an CD right behind you.... buy #AllTheWay !!!!
What I love about Texas: Torrential storms one hour, beautiful sunset the next.
nine years ago next week.
Can I have a DM?? Love to talk :)
is putting a new build together for QA.
Go Broncos! RT : Stokley said he doesn't see any changes in Manning from when the two played in Indianapolis.
I have 19 days until TEXAS so I can completely understand how ur feeling
It will be a CRIME if the Beastie Boys are not inducted into the Rock n Roll Hall of Fam !
Twitter jail, you give me the power to go to sleep. For the first time ever, I thank you. Good night everyone<333
#AlexandRobertTweetTweet follow me follow me #AlexandRobertTweetTweet follow me x3
Good morning!
Yes! Another day to make a difference in somebody's life.
follow Then you'll get it.
they just think i'm going crazy.... ur the only one that understands
Trying stuff we never tried before at our show on Friday at the Cherrywood in Blackwood, NJ
Too much Terrelle Pryor for the Ducks.
well I do too! If I was in the middle to the desert! (:
I think the need a quick refresher on their accents with all the Chicago talk w/ the Caravan twins.
Best thing read today: "Don't be trapped by thinking that all your work has to be momentous. Seeds aren't momentous."
HAHAHAHA , lol it would take alot for me to wanna get with a girl . lol BABY I WAS BORN THIS WAY . lol :)
Can't say I'm a big fan of Pacific NW tonite. First, I get to watch Seahawks roll over my Lambs. Now Sarah Palin's Alaska on. Just shoot me.
Love your new satchel
3rd I got a job and go to school have my own crib and a car, re check ur life ur 17 telling a celeb u luv them everyday!?!
Leaving the kick Back with my #iLL family. Had a great rehearsal tonight. And ate good after. Bout to head home and laxx (relax) . fwm
Friday afternoon fun: updating Research Guide links to the new library website and playing on Twitter
when you set up your screen name, let me know and I'll set up a game.
hm let me hit her up then. hah
Somebody will pass u by as a popstar! But, I will always see u on those steps in Canada w/ ur guitar as a normal kid with big dreams!
“ man pussy iz pussy...regardless of the chick skin tone. #MyOpinion” <--what he said
Did you get your Gift Certificate?
I know not where next, but I look forward to it
is seeing Sammy & Dan in the Bucquisto Cabaret! Yay cabaret!
; like in feb !
Graduation is so depressing
on riv, if player A quotes player B's turn speech that includes the words 'I call' is it binding for Player A?
Wish I could attend the Friday memorial for Caballo at Chautauqua in Boulder. I used to hike there with Pico & Pearl. Ideal for memories.
Headin your way tonight for some V-ball.
Best bakery, awesome pickles n killer knish. SD girl, always hit DZs on trips home. PS- Autofill prefers minivan to knish.
We have something in common - mother of two young men...thanks for following.
Look for hydrating Manhattan Beach today! Good luck to all the 6 Man tournament participants - and stay Naturally Powered!
We loved rockin out with you bro!!! Lets do it again SOON!!!
My job tonight is to make an espresso martini.
Nope! . Funny how you live in a super expensive house and I live in a crap shack and your power goes out all the time.
Thanks to everyone who came out to Tamale Thursday yesterday. We’d love you hear what your favorite menu item was!
go back to being a medicore program and stop being better than 90 percent of teams that come to kohl center
#Abita purple haze
#NowPlaying next to you
Most people don't drive six hours for a happy hour. We are not most people. Deep Ellum tonight at 5.
Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme. Don't think I can go, though. I have to work that day. Bummer.
If New Jersey loses D-Will this summer, you think they throw a max offer sheet Eric Gordon's way?
i love you too. :)
has been living in NYC for ONE WEEK today! :D
Our LOSS event Wine Grab N' Go donation goal is 100 bottles. I'm volunteering at the table and helping to collect btls for this cause 4/29
i hope you win the
Installing Ubuntu Linux Server. It's character-mode UI reminds me of they days of PC-DOS.
very nice!
1st man: My neighbors were screaming at three o'clock this morning! 2nd man: Did they wake you up? 1st man: Nah,I was up playing my bagpipes
SOX: Alfredo Aceves gets out of T9 jam and the #RedSox take game two of series, 7-5 over the #Indians. Felix Doubront starts tomorrow.
its my half birthday today! My birthday is august 9!
#1ThingIFindSexy references to the holocaust in contemporary christian pop-rock music
. We are going at it tonight again!! Are you ready ?? CU 2night @ Mambocafé Dallas !!
Pray for japan! The country is definitely hurting all we can do is pray!
via - Investigators Blame Stupidity For Area Death
Less Than 24 Hours Left Being Here..
#vsa2011 Opening remarks about professional sports tickets<museum admissions called an erroneous comparison. Love respectful disagreements!
The noise I just heard from upstairs was like if a dog learned how to walk on the ceiling and then did a flip and landed on the floor.
ASK QUESTIONS!!!!
Y females want to fuck da Nigga with da nice car? When u have to fuck him at Ur house cause he stay with his moma....cause that note so high
Yes u better make ur grand entrance
Heading to Ocean City, MD this afternoon for a conference. I haven't been to the beach in almost two years, so I'll take what I can get.
Good Tuesday morning. I proclaim today will be even better than yesterday (much)!
gotcha. Maybe i'll be in town for it
I Got A Massive Headache &'nd On Top Of Dhat I Think Im Havinq Contractions But Its Nothinq Serious Thouqh!
I have twins who are 34. Recurring Nmare that I have an set of newborns.
the text i was referring to was not from him, he isnt going to text me haha
It Stutters, Probably runs at like 15 fps but it's definitely playable.
Hey! You know Raven???
Cool... y'all should come to San Antonio. I mean I'm #justsayin :D
I'm only myself around those I love.. I am obviously in love with you.<3
Just met a young man named Isaac who named his newborn Isaiah. It's weird cause I want to name my son Isaac.
Now that Battleship is finally a movie, can't wait for Connect 4, Sorry! and Yahtzee!
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love
Long weekend...well needed rest.
LOL It would! Must thank for the idea
hello my friend!
I'm happy.My mentor John Maxwell, got me my very first keynote. I loved it and came alive on stage. :)
Its hard 2 be friends with bitches who are mentally weak.
skin as soft as feathers but heart as cold and hard as ice hahaha evil ain't got nothin on me :€
I can't stand it. I know you planned it
Nobody talk to me today. Seriously, for your own sake, do not talk to me today.
awesome! I just recently became a fan since my favorite player got traded there, but I'd love a Putz bobblehead!
LOOKING TO GET IN FREE? WHY NOT HIT ME UP BY 8PM AND YOU CAN GET ON THE LIST! OR SHOW YOUR O'S GAME DAY TICKET STUB AT THE DOOR!
RT " People go this Sunday...thank me later"... Crawfish Boil #2!
Just made my first post-craniotomy attempt at calculus. My brain still works, but I feel a bit dizzy.
AND ME BEB.
Dear 76ers, if y'all don't take care of business be prepared to get yo ass whooped on Sat Game 7 United Center.
thanks for following, Brandon !
you already know... Lol
Promise, its gonna be a long night!:/
Maybe if you didn't leave you'd have some pastries in your belly right now. SO FULL.
Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume & job board, follow me also go to minorityjobs.net Julie minorityjobs.net
If you ever wished airbnb was free:
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.'
doesn't bother me as much. Sandwiches are cute and begging to be diminutized. Hamstrings are another matter.
Good luck, almost done! RT : Thinking of students during (ugh) finals. Hit em outta the park.
#thatcamp Bay Area day 2 -- coffee time!
He must be hiding from somebody lol : Damn where my nigga ...my nigga aint tweeted n like some weeks
this is ken
New Sneak Peak Album video Touchin Cloudz hit up the page in like 5 min !!!!!!!!! DOEentTV on youtube link comin soon
I would like to send out a very special good morning to my friend
you should visit! It's so beautiful right now. I stopped 5 times on my run to take pics, not very productive.
At the #ToyotaGrandPrix.. let the racing begin! ;)
So great seeing you TWICE yesterday!! Xx
I have sparatic lyric syndrom.... I randomly spit lyrics from random songs
Scrolling thru my followers and saw man Mindless Behavior follow me -___- I'm deleting my account now
Congratulations!!! So awesome! :)
That was a cool She-Ra article. Yes, I do feel more empowered bc of the cartoons I watched as a kid. Flintstones kicked butt too.
Oh hey
Why did people stop talking to me?
Thanks for following. Looking forward to your tweets.
. is live Tweeting the Sports Emmy Awards. John = 140 character quality, esp. his #OrioleMagic allegiance.
The feeling is mutual. Local style meets local discovery.
I've made those. Always popular! Good job!
Awee thank u!:)
I actually liked paranormal activity 2, the whole prequel thing worked for me.
#AGirlDeserves way better than the guy who got her pregnant
“: Playing with and more tomorrow night 12/17. Party w/ us before the relatives arrive.” egg nog for one and all!
I yelled "SALAD!" At my Google Maps app today and it thought i said "MAUI!" - the calculated walking distance was astronomical
Figured out what was on the mysterious hard drive that arrived in my mail.
humm...where does one find drunk people this early in the week? :)
:: Did anyone see the blonde tornado on Live at 4? Annie Scholz is still covered in fur...
I still don't understand the point of twitter - but I have it just in case it makes me rich.
Big cheer for coffee, guys!
Is it just me or are Natasha Campbell McBride and Stephanie Senoff discussing sulphur deficiency at the same time?
What a match. Nice try #qpr - glad they are staying up for another season.
Table read today for a new short film called The Dark One by Director John Dondero. I am playing a crazed villain in this one!!
Good Morning, thanks for the follow ;-)
I'm reviewing final assets for a website, deciding on a list of brand names for a start up and shooting over the weekend. Overloaded!!!
is gonna kill me tomorrow. So I'll sing a melody and hope to god she's listening, sleeping softly while I sing. #MaydayParade <3
is in Big Bear, CA for 3 weeks of filming a Starring Role in a Feature Film, with my wife Eileen Prudhont, who has a Supporting role.
Butterflies butterflies in the air.. Am I the only one who doesnt care? lol.
I second that :)
Rip Ryan. That shit craZy
not me, i love sleeping way too much
HA! Elite Riverdale circle, I like that! Nicely done!
...the table next to us had 20 senior citizens - all asking for separate checks, all paying w/ cash, & all asking for exact change back...
My friends came and visited me at work!
like some new bands like five finger death punch and killswitch engage....but old school like slayer and Pantera is better :-)
pretty well, ended up at A's for a tenderloin sandwich. Titletown brewery was closed unfortunately
RT : - yet another reason why #socialmedia rocks!
Another night...getcha rest babe
Hey I'm not slow, my name is Joey hehe!
I close my eyes and see hashtags and Zoolander...and I am pretty sure I just crapped my pants.
lol...what gets listed first doesn't mean its true bubba....google. doesn't make those kinds of judgements
Dancing with the Stars (muted) with Kaskade blasting in the background is slightly confusing.
I got 4 pair of them I don't like them that much
- I know! The baseball gods are not on our side this week. The Sounds were out of town too!
how u been Jon
the palms illuminati is praying
Today presented me with a whole new set of life challenges, least of which is an itchy scalp. Too bad new shampoo can't solve every problem.
You only have ONE life, live it right, do what your heart tells you, and go for that one thing in the world that will make you truly happy
#iLikePeopleWho fascinate me with their warm hearts, thus brilliant minds..
If you let me have my way, I swear I'll tear you apart.
On some real shit where was y'all OKC fans at when they were Seattle and struggling? They had KD there
I never took Bachmann seriously in #Politics. Blanket Politicians only bring up the issues #MSM outlines
thanks 4 the follow :)
Tracy told me to tell u were at applebees
Yeah, it definitely puts a crimp in one's lifestyle when you have to be home at a certain time to feed them.
It's beautiful out today...
I like your background, but I don't know how to tell you. It's not like facebook. I can't write on your wall!
just read your link, good stuff to think about. Is that Body by Bond in the teal square considered your logo?
awesome and quick questions y did u get so many and how much was it for all of those?
Having an awesome time at KCSS FM!!! Listen up for ménage giveaways California!!! :)
Glad you like it! Send over some Chammyz and they'll be in my photos for sure! ;-)
A boy has never wept..nor dashed a thousand kim..
“: thank you!!! lets get together soon please!!” yes! I would love that! :)
Your players make money, our players make history top of the table !!
comic con soon
If you have nothing better to do but tweet sexual content all day im unfollowing.
Great win by the in game one of the playoffs. Shooting, defense & the bench were on point. Hopefully Rose is not badly hurt.
We better not lose this soccer game.
What the camera didn't show was that #Braun homerun hit a hole in the building & is still in flight, actually still on its way up
That google logo is soo cute today! #HappyMothersDay !
But yes im alive people..just been trying to get myself together & the last thing i need are distractions
absolutely - one of the best things about spring
Great advice! RT : Not being able to do it all is no excuse for doing nothing.
It's an islamaphobic blog and it is hilarious at best.
Planning has started for the 3rd Annual KGO Beer Festival - looking for a new venue - stay tuned for more info.
Omg just followed my other account :) I'm soo happy thxs Austin omg!!! :)
turned now you aint got yo lady and late at night you toss and turn but you soon forgive and forget and you live and learn then the bitch
Anybody know what's going on around Station North? I hear rumors of lots of smoke in the air?
How long have you been working on that tweet?
don't want to pay taxes? don't drive on the road, use the electric grids, books from the library - your house burns down, you're on your own
It could have ended worse, actually. It could have been the Penguins. Thanks for a good season,
Why not? Outsource them to volunteer alums is one common approach.
Do you write, post or RT news about Commercial Real Estate? Use the #CRE tag so we can find you...
okay I followed you back :) thanks for following me <3
Side effect of not having cheese stocked
Only in NY: I arrive for bkfst day 1 at Cookshop & find and David Resnicow at table next door. Separated at birth?...
Me= happy seeing you in countdown mode...again! XO
Love that!
Did you ever consider that the soap dispenser is the dirtiest thing you touch? Ironic.
it's where hypervisors were five years ago in terms of hype.
Sarah Palin: "I can see Sputnik from my house"
We are posting hundreds of end-of-summer and fall pageants! Find pageants to enter...Add your pageant free! www.pageantcenter.com
Better start tweeting
Your clothes are making me uncomfortable, please take them off.
History exam
Eminem new album..... > COMING SOON...!
Working on marketing stuff all weekend....Time to tighten things up!
Excellent. It's that time of the year where the birds start painting my car with their feces.
Digital Media Ghost (DigMedGhost) thanks for the follow.
I am seeking advice on renting out my house, or a portion of my house. Who should I talk to for an assessment?
Merry Christmas From the folks from Anytime Fitness! Hope you had a great one!
What if Lil' Wayne did a Carter Family tribute album?
hey wats up how are you doing
Congrats to the winners #ClassyAwards and hats off to and for an inspiring night.
CLIENT: hurdler will be on "Q It Up Sports" this Sunday at 9:30pm PST on JoeTV & 10:30pm PST on
Oh that doesn't sound good....
Correctly guess the score of tonight's Thursday Night Football game between the Jacksonville Jaguars and Atlanta Falcons for a free Scorzie!
Guess who will never stay at The Hilton in Scrantin again....this chick!
It's never too early to book your limo for all the concerts and shows that are coming to #Pittsburgh this holiday season.
Ill flirt with you awhile, that usually puts women asleep!
gurl i would be too.
Ah Crap poor frank is sick
All my mediocre or average packages air on tv & then one I feel really good about happens and will never be seen by anybody but me.
What can I say? Justin Bieber is always showing his love for us, I'm so proud of him. I'm a true belieber
Listening to Rev RC Crenshaw singing "I Love the Lord" on Alan Lomax recording. This is real. Trying to get to this sound occupies my time.
Since roasted chicken has been tweeted about so much lately, Matt and I are probs going to do that for the next video. So easy and SO good!
If by now you haven't noticed that I'm falling for you that just show's the type of girl that you are,and your not the one for me
3 RBIs on Monday. Hitting just below .300 Check out my minor league blog. RT : what's the latest on arenado?
text me, we need to talk!
I've been good,just chillen
You can get in big trouble if they find you hunting without a hunting liscense. It is against the law!
In dark times we cry out for true leadership.
Its a trip hearn people talkn sleep or tiered....When I been up for 2dayz on 5hrs of sleep...
Denver Mayor Michael Hancock giving touching, sincere speech @ Memorial Reception of the Great East Japan Earthquake urging more donations.
RT": Can't wait to get home and knock the fuck out!!!!!!!!"
Thanks for the @!
Just took an online survey for free sandwich. Mainly b/c customer service is ALWAYS above average. Great training! Thanks.
Good Luck!
Publication "bean counting" is obstacle to new publication models for up-&-coming scientists
insulted by booze breathed woman on my bus ride home. what did i do to deserve that? she said i was rude for blocking her view. uh, crowded
thnx 4 the follow G. Chi town in dis bitch
Everyone has an opinion, just be prepared to defend it
Youtube..young ju "cross my heart" fire shit
Just hit me up whenever. I got you.
Thanks Dave! I'm looking forward to it
When are you announcing the winners of the I-POD touches?
Exactly. He really hasn't been the same guy he was in 2010.
LMFAO RT : This girl got mad at me cuz she asked me if she could be a model and I was like "Yeah, I could see you in a Target ad.
Well, at least the Dodgers won.....
How's John Miles throwing this season?
I enjoy virtual #coffee w/awesome peeps
word u down for some tacos an fries
Ha! RT A9. Russel Brand so I can punch myself in the face over and over again.
aight ha Sonias phone just needs to hurry TF up and charge cause it died:p
Ready to mail your #TallyCardz.... Who needs to order one?
srry but they only speak Spanish
ha I hadnt heard that yet. The whole situation just seems crazy, first the questions about the org and then this....
That rain..
Why do they no get it. Are they fucking idiots in DC?
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON.. SO PRESS IT MAYBE?<3
I wish I had more time in a day
#SinceWeBeingHonest i fall too hard, love too quick, trust too easily, and forgive too fast.
Q: What should we do to teach students about negotiation and reconciliation?
BTW....DID U WISH JILL ZARIN a HAPPY B-DAY??
: Quilombo 4 reggae night tonight in boulder...very talented group! 10pm good beer too!
Great jazz night at ! Can't wait to be back :)
Don't even know what to say. Steve Jobs left his mark, and I am glad to have been touched by his genius.
awh thanks girl (: so are you <3
If she had asked me yesterday or this morning maybe even around 1 I would've said yes so I could've gotten my clothes ready.
i'll check it out! thanks for the submission to
Great! Appreciate your feedback on the new layout. Have a blessed day. ^staff
follow me if you think #BOYFRIEND is gonna be the best song EVER!!! i will follow u back
Doctors say I'm the illest cause I'm sufferin from realness
When Life Sux lemons add the grain of salt & tequila for the Good life.~ Lisa Morgan
Obama says we can call this class warfare if we want...well, if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck!
Tagging on your teacher's white board n turning around to say "look ima artist" like a 5year old :D
Chilling. Looking at the sexy ass avi of yours lol.
you working big 10 today?
Gotta see that "Snow White & the Huntsman" & a few other movies this summer ... These trailers look too official!
In the end what NEEDS to happen is the league needs to make guys wear new helmets and give insurance to retired players.
Hi! If you both make it down here for fun one day, would love to hang out. Travel safe!
RT : Classic Cocktails, Molecular Mixology and the All-Around Awesome ..:Aaron DeFeo is taking cocktails to brand new places.
GovPerry is touting Texas economy. He also decries federal government "intruding" on states w/ enviro regs, healthcare, labor policy etc.
if you ain't gonna wrap it, go home and whack it.
#clayaiken, I didn't realize he was a hockey fan. #TeamLidstrom fail?
I DO WHAT I WANT , HOW I WANT, WHEN I WANT. if my mommy says it's ok c;
Crappy end to the #phillies game but it should've been over on Blanton's first pitch.
HAPPY MOTHERSDAY!!! 2 ALL THE FATHER FUKKERS ALL AROUND THE WORLD...
it's a little late.
God woke me up today. Praise God!
i thought that one was very smart, and surprisingly even handed. he doesn't let Obama off the hook.
It's going to snow in Mke. People, it is supposed to do that in Jan. Settle down.
“: hahaha no dude you are the official spice boy” haha I wish they would have taped it
well i think speedway is gonna hire me. So i just need to start working. i'll prob do some si ...
worth going to see. Review will be up on Monday :)
Avalon High was so AMAZING!! And so was the season premiere of Wizards!! is such an amazing actor! =))
Congrats Emerging Leader. Its a great group to be a part of...the journey of fun soon begins.
that is just impossible to answer! they're both so amazing!
Had a great time last night at the live show taping of #BabyDaddy :) Thanks to the amazing cast + crew for making me feel so at home!
That level of awareness and reaction is thrilling and scary. Knowing they wanted to bank a shot off him from behind? Whoa.
By the way, (Good Releasing) is our DVD distributor. They sell to the adult & LGBT/feminist stores in all of North America :)
Not too much longer until Chain Reaction with and ! December 17th. Mark your calendars.
(If you liked 's keynote, come chat with us and get a free copy of one of our books at 2:50 in the booth.)
yes! Open at 9am for xtreme black (out) brunch with orange (juice) mimosas! Baseball themed food specials! Hot dog omelettes?!
It's a Billy Joel kind of night
Sure it'sa set and not a wedding? LOL All you'd need to do is wear something blue and you'd have it all covered.
I LOVE Mindless Behavior!!!
~Peace.<U+262E>.Love.<U+2665>.Happiness.(:.~ .......Pshhh forget it were not in the 70's anymore.
I have no idea! I'm surprised I'm awake, but just decided to roll with it.
When r ppl in my building going to have any consideration.
You are #BlackGold. You are...
Thanks for the RTs:
i love how when u complement some1 they just ignore u
What club has the best girls???
Hey, who's starting for the #Yankees today? :D
sexist! I've set it on DVR.
Go Trojans! The boyz look gr8 in 2012! RT : We hear you! Aaron played here at
Pampered with a makeover today....awesomeness :)
“: We learn the ropes of of a #script by untying its knots.” I love my class at Ivana Chubbuck for this.
Truly scrumptious creation
machine Saturday??
Piss on old-time hockey! We're losing!
Say no more / be silent / I hear your every thought
Gus is out of control.
COMPLETELY unacceptable for a woman's feet (or man for that matter) to smell like open ass.
got off work, tore up some Dorito Locos with my friend. I'd say it was an overall good day <U+0001F44C>
thank you Jason :) this is why Jason is my favorite!
Who remembers Toonami?
Week has been turning out GREAT.
Being sick really sucks. Enough already!
#Teacher Appreciation Week here at The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism. Be sure to say 'Thank You' to those that do so much for our students.
we know what that mean
Conservatives say "think of the children"; mean "I am everyone's parent". Fuck your approval, keep your faux-pious bleating to yourself.
I have never seen a kitchen so beautiful!! Campaign island is out of control amazing!
MoneyCatchers.com is a company we work with to bring alternative employment for artists!
good seeing you last night dude, keep up the hustle!
the most irrelevant but richest porn star ever
#WTD11 Happy World Thinking Day to all Girl Guides and Girl Scouts around the world!
Dexter ROCKS!!!!
The average host with 20+ people will earn over $1,000! Book your GOLD PARTY TODAY! Call (800) 774-9134!
NSN on friday asdghlshglsjfkl it's sinking in finally.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #food because brunch is a time to discuss problems that aren't really problems.
do i know you? ahah
not really, my life isnt super stable right now
Happy New Year Nawlins! Missing the Beignets, making da groceries & screamin "throw me something mista".
Big sky bird taking me to Philly then to Germany. Just felt like having cheesesteak & strudel this morning ;)
ditto what Jag said. CC:
Fuck with my ENOTIONS && see what will happen
I'm going to make a product that contains nothing but promises and future release dates. How much would you pay?
Headin to Brooklyn tomorrow!!!!!!
... museums should continue their role as a promoter of the spiritual experience a person can have through a work of art
IF YU FOLLOWED ME I WOULD SCREAM AND DIE AND COME BCK TO LIFE BC IM SO HAPPY:D IT WOULD MEAANN TH E WHOLE WORLD2 ME
She replied to my tweet. Hahaha!
Perhaps they the two are connected. Congratulations all the same.
Back to the Staples Center for game. Memphis gets game 6 they got the series.
Trust no one ;But When I Due Imma Take Advantage Of It.<U+0001F380><U+0001F491>
We're ready for the Tsunami. Mahalo to all who are staying calm and cautious. Our prayers for the people of Japan with the big 8.9 Quake.
Have fun at prom be safe <U+E414>
Good to know! Is the "Kids Eat Free" promotion on M, T, & W available at all locations nationwide?
then when they find us we'll be like "oh hey! How did I get here? Why am I in a ninja suit? OMG ONE DIRECTION KIDNAPPED ME"
That was a beautiful note Lee. Thanks for sharing! #TearingUpABit #SoProudOfOurBoys (Or should I say men?)
Hey Caitlin can you follow me on gifboom
did you
RT : THIS IS IMPORTANT! Needs 100K, 68K funded so far, 4 days left! I backed this amazing project which seeks to bring...
Still irked. No study till I'm done being annoyed. Fuck.
My boyfriend loves me he gave me his coat so now hes walking home in a t shirt.
hm maybe we should start a safari guide company?? Thoughts?
Last night dinner at "Crazy Rock'n'Sushi" with mama bear was great! Now brunch :D
I stalk people over the internet.
so I'm an elephant now?
Sammy Harman, the only "out" transgender male at Whitman high school is my hero!! Thank you Sammy!
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak--Epictetus
burnt my finger making shrimp ):
oh sorry - just assumed you'd be open!
Checking now if there's video to share RT : Is there a link to archived footage of your Social Media Week talk?
HA! Thanks Matt - nice to meet you Gini! I look forward to picking your brain
So what's a good breakfast spot at Grand Central Market?
I'm starving. Haven't eatin' all day because my medicain won't let me. It just wore off and my tummy is rumbling. Lol.
be nice to them!! They adore you!! Haha
Cotto bout to go down
The Giants never win on their own doing. They should all give Wes Welker a big hug because he won the game for them.
Watching the nanny:)
#Christmas retweet to us if you had any bit of a White Christmas!!
Hey I am a big fan of you. It would mean the world if you followed me back. :-)
Dear #INDOT the massive mess 37south exit is,could be fixed w/20mins real life traffic experience instead of hours in a street design progrm
lol I could come pick you up in a dumpy truck
when are you going to give ex and t a brother or sister
Lmao! Did an arab fellow really just respond with 'Do I look like a 7/11?
You're very welcome Felicia :) Thxs for sharing all the wonderful pics!
available for freelance work. www.flilab.com
Dancing is a wonderful exercise that is great for your heart. It can lift your spirits as well and give your overall feeling a boost.
- long time listener, new business owner, looking to provide architecture services to a celebrity for discounted rate. -Sean
7 Days of Sex sounds like a good week but could also be a painfull week lols
I'm thinking of changing my Avi to something with a little more skin, to gain some more followers.
thanks so much! :)
“: The GUSA senate passed a bill to institute game rentals on Harbin Patio next year.” Will go as well as the RedBox near
Thank you Harps clerk for not making me feel stupid for being on foot when I asked for double bags. I own a car, I choose to walk.
listening to Skrills.
t(-____-t)
i knw boo, i get tht foolery & im not even an exec so i really feel 4u lol. ive been great tho, mkn it happen
thanks for including us on your awesome #womensempowerment list! We are honored!
Chase away those Mondays with a $1 #bartab drink!
“The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.” – St. Augustine
read my two tweets. Lol.
It is impossible to imagine the universe run by a wise, just and omnipotent God, but it is quite easy to imagine it run by a board of gods
a blind squirrel can't find a nut all the time.
If the Japanese Club of San Francisco wanted more members, it would serve other dishes than fish.
2012 is going to change your life.
Back to HowardFine on Friday :)
It's 45 degrees out here yet the tulips are blooming. I guess this must be
Im not hiding. I'm busy. And the new name is muy bien (very good).
So stressed out, I could cry right now.
"The church is not in the buisness of healing people".... quote from "the devil inside"
Playing tonight with , Tripping Dogs, and DJ Xibalbalola! We are on EARLY. 9pm 21+ FREE
would you consider Bowie for solo and Ziggy Stardust stuff?
perfect day for it! We hope you're having a wonderful time. :)
RT Thanks to more currents!
The IRS.
#unitedairlines Who has the time to unpack in the middle of baggage claim area and transfer to a rolling duffle bag you don't want?
- delighted with the new discovery and looking for more....
no, didn't post it here. glad you enjoyed it.
i lovee that new dance cookinqqq i kills
Also, how are you a fan of both the Knicks and Celtics? That seems impossible.
Great way to start the day Mr. Kodjoe.
hahaha that's so funny! Good luck to you too :)
Might have to buy some DuckTales DVDs for my kids. My kids, yeah. For them.
I was watching the video for Adobe Shadow just now. With no one around, I said out loud to myself, "Holy shit."
I almost forgot to tell you: Future screenings of "Baltimore, We Love You" in the works but nothing definite (yet). It was great!
I'm not like other guys. I respect girls for who they are. Not there body. I love looking at there beautiful eyes.
A double digits run is always something to be proud of!
Cool beans
Finally finished my freakin research paper! I now have the biggest headache! Off to bed goodnight<3
u r a Moron #Melo has always been on "bad" playoff teams and faced top seeded teams
Rich people play the money game to win. Poor people play the money game to not lose. ~ T. Harv Eker
Can we understand peer-to-peer lending as a quest for social justice?
Good Morning & Happy May 1st!
Shawn michaels the icon!!!!!!
now this is the Justin I know. Full of voices and faces and expressions.
still don't know how that happened, but fortunate she is alive ... we have a man on the ground in New Pekin
Times r pretty hard, fucked a couple broads, pulled some purple out the jar
Gold pass status: no lines EVER #blowing$$$$
Rule #381: If you dont' believe in yourself...find a few people who do. Stop trusting yourself for awhile.
hi wife
Prepping a proposal on big data...see the current issue of the COTELCO Connector for more info on our big data research!...
hahaha I want to go so bad!!
So, my prom was right after "Titanic" came out. Add in some K-Ci & JoJo "In All My Life"...oh, magical.
Wld LOVE thatRT : I like ur bio! i'd love to know more :) perhaps i can trade and blog about ur club all-in-one
Working on getting blog reviews today!
I do not apologize.
put everything on your boys. Thought they were due. Wtf
Tom where are you? Will you calmly get Rowan.
Weekend starting out perfect. I love my friends <U+0001F60D><U+0001F618>
no!!!!!! im not 17 yet!!!! im to young to die i will throw so he will get u first :)
Thanks for Re-Tweet ! Happy Friday!
I HOPE the 18-29 year olds stay with RON PAUL! It the principul and those voters like AaRON BarRAZA! VOTE REPUBLICAN YOUNG INS!
Due Date was too funny
thanks :) hoping for the good drugs lol
liking the jesus reference, totes agree hahahah
Get over your fears and doubts and make the impossible possible this week.
Baking cookies, catching up on the Daily Show. I love Sundays.
I think I eat and drive more than I text and drive
All that bullshit ..
We'll find a way
I'll try to swing by tonight. anyone else?
There are 2 authorities when it comes to high security locks: 
Happy mothers day to all of you wonderful moms out there!
Oh man. I need to follow this.
Waiting on my noodles.
I like that idea! #nevertoolate :)
Thank God Betty was exaggerating. Megan is 26.
EVERYONE STOP WHAT YOU'RE DOING AND GO FOLLOW there tweets are AMAZING and I will FOLLOW BACK GO FOLLOW NOW, HURRY UP:)
Well It Stuff about science.. and girl.. today I woke at 4am ... IDK?and why have to wake up early?!
Fun times on Monday when the Fed. Reserve building went into lockdown b/c Occupiers attempted to trick or treat in the lobby. Bizarro.
If you have a bad phone connection how about you try calling again? -___-
I want to meet Boo, the dog. That is all.
A5: all the way.
...and his sponsors just want him to get it done, and they want it to work really, really well -- in some context. That's all for now EOM
loves that patients get to relax in our massage chair before treatment! They love it too, obviously... www.3cpdx.com
And this date gets even better. ;) a new issue of Castle Waiting at the comics shop. Yay!!
His brother derrick, 1 of my best friends. know landon well. U were brot up, i'm like, that cat's followin us on twitter :)
Mo C goes #6 to America's team. Wonderlic deez nuts! Good luck in Big D & if u don't have haters you're doing something wrong
Look at the art first?! What a crazy idea!
I took a deep breath and listened to the old bray of my heart. I am. I am. I am. - Sylvia Plath
downloading new music >>> cleaning my room
Anyone having trouble with their gmail accessing imap server?
I could picture hearing her song come on in an elevator.
im home!! just need to shower. ill be ready in 20mins.
why isn't tour stopping in south? London, Corbin, Somerset? ???
finally watching the glee from last night.
Do you have any wholesale real estate deals?
yea me too....but i was one earlier when he was on!!!!!!!
Someone who can take your breath away an make you feel like a princess is worth keeping around :)
Bus driver is driving this thing like a porsche!
Duck Dynasty is great!
The people renting my house were like.."Yah we will totally take care of your yard." Checked it in April. It's all weeds baby. Right on.
Did you know there was a Studio 54 in Barcelona? at El Paralelo Street - the Barcelona Broadway area - theaters - musicals - and more
Enjoying a hot cup of coffee on this cloudy San Diego day.
Tonight is $5 Three Olives and $3 wines The Anchor Bar
sounds fun - email me.
Y do we women have to do more, then a man to get ready n the morning.
Lots of people say "sure, I'll read it" then sit on it forever...
not much, u?
... Follow Jenny McCarthy here! Autism, Vaccines, Recovery.
i suffocate wen ur away from.....so much love you take from me.....im goin outta my mind....<3
#Wake&Bake...........is my 4000th tweet lol
Right now my # of followers and my # of those I am following is exactly the same. Weird!!
Happy to have you on this gorgeous Friday in Seattle!
Back home now from walking the dog; slapdash creativity + brain like a Pachinko machine begins work now...
If you're a Masters ski racer and you drive an , get in touch with
It flew at me and attacked me it bit me it was a crazy bird anyways then one day it got out and flew away I did not care one bit
Great week....even better weekend now that Karen is home!
Wearing my deer shirt today I better get some luck!
I guess that's really all on me.
Slick Rick & Dougie Fresh!!!
why, do you have a 38 S&W?
Congrats on defying on the odds and becoming only the fourth champion to survive the elimination chamber...
Detroit Loins owner W. Ford announces Detroit Lions are hereafter to be known as Detroit Loins.
just made me cry!!
And JUST LIKE THAT I'm back on board as a #Bucks fan!!!
11:11 IS MY FAVORITE SONG!!! I LISTENED TO IT ALL DAY!!<3
Smart man.
For a minute I thought I was watching the Bafta's....
The chalk wall *already* has a computer/robot father & son on it first thing Monday AM. This week is going to be good.
how about them Sixers?
Yea and most of the time its guys
AMAZING! Thank you so, SO much!!! :) You're one of my new favorite people lol!
I need to get my phone back cause without it cant make shit happen.
hell yeah man
As one film is getting done the next has already started casting.
Pardon the onslaught of tweets today; tweeting from the San Diego Social Media Symposium learning new social media tips & tricks!
But, yes, I think it's worthwhile. Exceptionally educational.
Seminar on using data to make your marketing programs more effective. Narrowcast v broadcast.
& Captain Kirk as best ever: particularly when he wore eyeliner.
agh caught red handed by a coworker... I'm up I'm up...
thanks for following.
Now if I could just delete my old, dumb Mixels that I don't like…
Thank you! The honor and pleasure are most truly mine. All my very best,
I love it when a website with mostly flash content has a mobile style iPhone theme.
sorry about that. I'll be sure not to let that happen again. We greatly appreciate you taking the time to act in our film. :)
Watch the Colts be stupid, bail out on Andrew Luck and like draft a Punter 1st overall
RT A4 we did for A GALAXY OF IMMORTAL WOMEN. Paul Mavrides. worked out great, beautiful cover
ik i am
Correct me if I am stupid, but why would any international draftee want to play in the MLS (or NBA)?
Grand opening: Idaho's first compressed natural gas (CNG) fueling station.11:00am today at 11101 W. Executive Dr. Affordable, clean fuel.
how bout a shout out? <U+E142>
#BackWhenIWasAKid I used to think that growing up would take forever.
Where you going? RT : oh okay I torn too
Turn something negative into positive & see how much better you'll feel.
On my way to the gym now to work off yesterday's stress and bull
that's crazy.
Cant wait to share it with all of you!!
Yeah Definitely.
We understand that you really don’t feel like making dinner tonight. We’re here to help!
okay i gave up video for the month, so what music and podcasts can you recommend to fill my entertainment hole?
Stop checking your phone for a text you’ll never get.
Yeah and I leave Saturday morning at 9 So I can talk till then unless Avery gives me her phone.
All that is left now is Facebook... That will be a big step.
where do these anchor men live?
well thats good I guess!:D
lindsey is a pantie snatcher. :o
Nobody's perfect, uh , Nobody's perfect, aye. Aye but you're perfect for me..
“: “ wtf i look like” Megan” don't be sayin my name
#Youknowyourbrothersgay when he asks you what clevage is....
Happy Halloween to all! Remember to also set your clocks back an hour tonight! And I still need to post screens of the Tank Dempsey Sim >_>
A morning prayer: May your path lead you to peace and understanding, may your path cross mine so that we may share both with each other.
Thanks for the #FF mention! come visit #SanDiego winecountry
Fork remains upside down the majority of the time
two sweet, smart and funny friends; and
hehe, what is this hangingwithfriends thing any ways? hangman?
RT : got followed by yesterday?! I know where I'm going for drinks this weekend!
Today is national dance day!!
my cat hates me. I miss Joey so much right now. this has been a hard 6 months without my best friend. He was supposed to 10 this Year
I feel like I'm in some medical horror movie
First speaker, Carolyn Phillips, says DPW's problems have her worried about other city departments. Says she got 3 prop. tax bills last year
Just fell up my stairs
Amen. Actually presenting on analog/digital interplay now in San Fran at #KAConnect2012 /
Oh thats okay. Dont reply to my text. I was just exercising my thumbs... No big deal.
Reddick has had his ups and downs tonight, literally.
Dir Blewett suggests merged 68th/81St School should be called Victor Berger. Former Berger School (3rd St) now called ML King.
Knowledge is power, but only when you give it back to the community
Cocky ass bitches <<<<
Last night's mtg a success! Excited for 's Storytelling for UX in October - sure to prompt rich discussion!
Watching the South Park episode where Stan & Kyle build a clubhouse to play truth or dare. Totally forgot Stan's parents get divorced!
This is why I'm single. Niggas & bitches have their priorities fucked up smh
Full color outdoor banners on sale! Call us 800-724-0577.
Count the W and #CLIPPERS moving on to #Spurs (should have lots of #MAVS supporters on this one LOL)
Bouttah Smoke A Sweet && Go Back To Sleep !
Rebirth Brass Band The Baddest Band In The Land 6 Ward
"I blame the internet" bahahaha
can u say loose den a mf
In the immortal words of Guns n Roses: "Nothing lasts forever, even cold November rain."
got you boo
I'm trying to picture the porn for which Queen would work. Apparently has seen some.
Science World! I think it's more kid-oriented though.
No, but the vehicle that Zodac travels space in is known as "the space potty"
It's coming... Someone's coffee is gonna get the treatment...
#ThingsKidsSay "Why Did You Spank Me?" All The While Knowing Exactly Why... Lol
Tonite: Jazz and Beyond w/ Paul Gaspar, Andy Calabrese & Ben Thomas. Great Food and Music 8:00 on the recording stage.
Try KC instead. I'm a fan of molasses and brown sugar over mustard and vinegar.
Every person is self-made, but only the successful are willing to admit it.
Buffalo Chicken Dip and The Social Network :) man, I love summer <U+0001F604>
and a sandwich! : How to please a man - Show up naked. Bring beer.<U+0001F37A>”
Dining so far so good
Classic Rock 104.5 FM is over here giving away ICE RAYS tickets & signing people up for Megadeth tickets. Moore Plaza, Staples & SPID. CLEAR
LOL, I'm just messin' You better give Flicker what (s)he needs!
thanks David! Hope all is well in Chicago.
Crew retreats to bridge.
DON'T YOU GET IT PEGGY = DON
at school doing nothin...all my work is done for week...
better follow back
I woke up this morning and cried because I thought I had to go to school.
tonight @ the Taxpayers Dinner, governments get awards for good or fleeced for bad! Who do you think will win?
Let's go #nyrangers!!!!!
Yep. His atty was on GMA this morning also. There will be more and Trayvon will be portrayed negatively. It's coming.
Nurses rock, esp in 6W: Caroline, Michelle, Vicky! And Liz in Recovery! & all other staff - amazing place. Lily Marie luvs u!
Gingrich calls for Pell grants (vouchers) for all K-12 students.
Theatre ReActs research methinks! RT ...DO NOT LET BIOLOGY DICTATE YOUR CHEESE AND CHOCOLATE CONSUMPTION!
Heading to the 5th, Phils still ahead 4-0. Wigginton, Nix, and Ruiz are due up.
fuck u prick
" You cannot change others, you can only change the way you deal with them. "
my short film Carousel is a finalist in the narrative category at the CSU Media Arts Fest on Nov. 12
ill miss u 2:(
ah, IPK is super-secret code for Italian Pizza Kitchen. Woah. I can definitely do that, since it's so close. c u tmrw
Sneak peek?
Clean slate ... not sure if that's good or bad.
ouch to look at but feels better already I bet. Get better soon buddy. U r the man.
what time is the cut off for saying good morning?
A rainy morning but we are here for you with good music, books, & a big SALE! Dbl Punch drink of the Day is our German Chocolate Mocha!
One more hr then im off for the day gotta go see my baby cheer at there last football game then go home and cook for the fam.
yeah binks! roll to SF soon.
love this.
Smh. might as well not even come bro. you'll get here at 230 and gotta go at 3
Jlo is still famous? Good god...
The weekend is almost here! Is anyone out there planning to visit us?
he strikes again...when u least expect it.
RT : Yeah Rockies get em! Show San Fran how we do in Colorado!!!!!
Mark your calendars boys and girls for 1/26, Babe's in Madison will feature ! Show to start at 10 pm. Going to be epic!
#leanimpact: applying principles of the lean start-up to nonprofits; good chat yesterday with , , &
Eating oreos and studying for my weight training final...
I made it! Learned a lot about how hard living on that amount is - meat, fresh veg are hard, eat more eggs..
Sobering up so I can go home <U+0001F60F><U+0001F60F><U+0001F60F>
I forgot to wish you a Happy Birthday....so yppaH yadhtriB eilleK. Hope you had a great day!!
Email from new author "An enthusiastic publicist is high on my list of great& valuable assets in this world" Too soon to drop the love bomb?
If your Facebook posts also go to Twitter but get truncated, you're doing a disservice to your followers on both channels.
well if you can get off bro Ill put you on the list
Baja tavern at the port ... Girls night ...
Probably joining the Air National Guard soon...
Quit breaking my heart
The main fact of our world and most of the people are not care of there health especially skin. We must be concern of our health.
What do you mean?
bummer! Well, I hope you can figure it out!!
AR Fox flew over a ladder onto Sami Callihan. That was awesome.
Don't wait for six strong men to take you to church
Of course we are! How about yourself?
I'm in new jersey. Having a party on Friday. Who wanna come
Youre welcome! RT : thank you for spreading the word, Jason!
Tell a friend you love them, hug them listen to them. You never know, one may actually save a life. Have a good day, jury duty calls. :-)
Choosing carry out and walking to get it- managing #pizza guilt
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. Socrates
At TIG Day 1 Virtual Law Offices by
why do you want a boyfriend
RT : Congrats to the entire cast of !! Break a leg, ! I know you'll be fantastic!! :D
People Hit You Up Like Follow Me and Follow My YO'S but none of them are Following You? WTF is That?
Cody Simpson, you are beautiful. I freaking love you. :)
Thx for the #follow Follow my friend - they
please DM your contact info. Thanks!
only jams her music as loud as her mom.
The only thing better than making money is fast money
ima be hittin up some of my followers with individual tweets for some ideas for musical productions... so be ready
I am going to actually do something with my eyebrows! But where do I even begin??! I need some GOOD ADVICE!
Happy Occupation Day! You are all amazing
Hello Everyone.
oh daily Calvin & Hobbes what would i do without you.
that's true!
We are going to!!!
When chicks ask who this when they know they got yo number saved in they phone .
you probably wont it just happens....something is in the back if your mind and ut keeps bothering you
So, it's for "fun" but these Zynga players are actually spending a lot of money.
yeah. I just can't justify shelling out 50bucks for it. Only seen at a couple cons.
Check out my new show, M-F, 10-Noon on WNST. Follow us here on Twitter. Thanks, Bulldog
You people! I demand mercy! Justice! I was FEEDING MY SISTERS!!!
RT : you just won a follower! Thank you! ^NB I really appreciate it!
there has been talk about adding ee2 to core, but its very debatable and is also very much in the hot path.
OMG, I seriously want some pancakes from IHOP. Who wants to go?
THIS x 1000! RT Let the magic happen. I'm tired of this 'must have the right pedigree' garbage. I want heart and attitude.
Worked with prom..
Thanks much for the RTs
Thank you. i have no idea what I'd do without you. <3
I wish I came out the closet when I was in high school so I still wouldn't to have see the surprise on ppls faces as an adult..
success is the best revenge <U+0001F499>
#sloancres What was the URL and code for the membership?
Where art thou, Kevin?
Forreal .": It doesnt even matter bc the more she fucks up the more she's jus pushing me into someone else"
its ok:)
The unknown thing a new day will bring should be enough motivation to keep you awake
Getting a phone call from a happy, proud parent is stronger than caffeine as a great way to start the day
I have so much love for you guys. You guys are amazing! :)
HELLO! So nice to make your acquaintance. I am a big fan of your latest work. Any chance of getting one for our office?
I am constantly asking myself that same question.
Fantastic tonight !! So great.....red piano and all!!
I am so freaking excited for #downtonpbs tonight!
er .. why yes dear!!! you can acompany me so's i dont fall of my shoes .. cuz we all know i do it haha
Bahahahah ne'er can trust em!
Writing session and Going over beats w my bruh
I think it's cute(:
Thanks for following us! We're proud of our #JerseyCity #smallbusiness community. See you soon!
ahh okay, i'll have to find it haha
The Heat should put a dog tazing collar on Chalmers w/ a remote & 1 of the ass. coaches presses it every time he does a stupid thing.
Not in the mood for beer? Then head to galeria's on Broadway in #Seattle for half off #margaritas ! Time to cure your case of the #Mondays !
Ladies Night $1 drinks and Live Jazz/Funk/Soul Music every Wednesday , who's stopping by this week??
Do do do do do FORTY FIVE FORTY SEVEN!
Hate Mondays. & it's not even Monday yet!
Secret of life is being able to have an ironic attitude about constant change of manners but still have attachment 2 our values -
Americans will spend more in taxes in 2012 than they will on housing, food, and clothing combined.
Today's the Nonae Apriles, or the Nones of April, in the calendar of the ancient Romans.
LMAO Damn Jim!!! that's hilarious and Marty is with me on my profile pic..
after 13 hours of sleep last night i thought work today wouldnt suck... wrong.
Hopefully will get another yellow so can bunch up and get past Power, looks like Dixon will have to stop again.
Dance, dance . Then hopefully gettin to see my boy :)
Let's show some love!!! They have been working extra hard to get some amazing music ready... rocks!!
I love my me time nbs
#fridaynewsdump? This the reason for the extra urgency in releasing #magicjobs?
I'm tagging up with to talk shit about she look the subs feet on Friday
It's good to see a guy say this! ": A Girlfriend should never have ANY competition!"
you act like your 12 though.....
Tonight I watched OLDBOY on 35mm. A film which gets it right in every way a film can get it right. Korean cinema based on a Japanese manga.
not even g
What happened to Roland in the studio.
oh, bed. you are comfy.
you are AMAZIN!!! i vote for you every weekend! Your ganna go far in life!!
my guess was Albany,NY
as matter of fact I was just on the horn about that, grrr RT you should tweet that you're closed at the Pearl due to a gas problem :(
Whats tha word? I replied the other day. Dang. Shoot. Lol :-)
That was the stupidest dress that I ever saw Ivanka wear she looked awful
I bet you're right :P
cybernetic monster from an imaginary world
They say 1 in 10 people lives next to a pedophile. Not me,I live next to two gorgeous 12 year olds.
More than happy to man!
“: Why Do people think everything is real are people retarded seriously vampires do exist!” i meant dont
That they take their menial job way too seriously?
Today's musical motivation: Some 'intelligent trunk music' by Making me wanna go "super hard..cuz the bass is banging..hard.."
Happy holiday everyone #F one last rodeo
Firday - Up for auction at 9:30PM EST is a Brand New Panasonic 32-Inch LCD HDTV with iPod Dock! Dont miss the fun! New visa gift cards also!
I did record it haha soo yeah the first 10 minutes was pretty good and wat happened with skype??
got it, just been swamped. Do you have a user breakdown?
God bless us everyone we're a broken people living under loaded gun
now why would u post that, course now I wanna look, good thing looked before and he vouched not to look.......JERK
I so are!
ROFLMAO!!! I saw her name pop up last night, somebody said for
Yeaah. i followed.
Today is the oldest you've ever been and the youngest you'll ever be.
Wearing my snow boots & not my new cowboy boots in this rain!
Does my Billy Joel station know that I just came from the Fergie station?
Any plans to come to the US soon? Especially the East Coast, of course...
heeheehee so true :)
Welcome to all Grace Hopper Celebration attendees! We hope you enjoy your visit to Portland and the Oregon Convention Center!
i wonder how many people reached their Qtr 1 goals?
Can you yell nonstop for an hour? This guy on the street below my window at work sure can.
How how I love golf <3
Scratch that... Can someone tell me how I missed the news that Amy Winehouse died?!?!
Omg tyc so much Josh! RT : Just purchased "love on acid"and girl I'm on the 4th time hittin replay...
It's the end of a very long, but extremely fun day in Pittsburgh. Thanks for tagging along. I'll report back again tomorrow!
Hey man sorry we didn't get to meet up in Austin. Hope you had a great sxsw. I'll be in SEA week of 3/25. Want to grab a coffee?
RT Everyday alive is a blessing. We often forget how blessed we really are.
no jets for peyton.Just imagine Sporano (wearing sunglasses at night) tellin him 'sit down,wildcat time' on a big, late,3rd down
Happy Tuesday!
#wow Have you seen an amazing set of women starting a business today. We found one true team Come Sat after sundown. 
Famous Idahoans - check out this page:
Yay! Best news I've heard all week!
Fan games. Please play Fan games.
Good Morning! An artist is a dreamer consenting to dream of the actual world. -George Santayana
Well, that's not so good. Hope it healed(s) fast!
Next Big Teen goal is to provide teenagers with a constructive outlet in which to showcase their talent. Go 2 www.nextbigteen.com
4 days...... :O where did this week go?
Bieber-gender.
easy to spot with that hair :)
She keep tagging her ass lol
when is the music video your doing gonna come out??? :)
have u seen the age diff between u or me and justin tho
Looking for a green cocktail? How about the Rat Pack, Tornado, Last Word, Green Eyes, Tin Lizzy, Yodeler, Allen Bradley Bomber....
Being in the shower feels so good with this weather!
Varitek: "I've been extremely blessed and extremely honored to have been able to wear this uniform."
Coming up at 7:10 on Michelle Obama is coming to the Twin Cities this afternoon. And temps looking pretty good for the weekend!
#latin for the day - Contra felicem vix deus vires habet. - "Against a lucky man, a god scarcely has power(s)."
What it do OG! Whats good on your end man?
Can this next week please go by quickly!
Since I was off yesterday, I'm all screwed up. What day is it again?
We're pleased to announce our next event on 4/12 with AD Larry Williams. Check your email for more details!
Banana Bread with a bit of cinnamon baking in the oven, smells so yummy
M stands for modified
There are so many inside jokes between me and people will never understand
Oh. That is one angry PV.
Hey you should celebrate the Knicks win by shopping Save 20% off your purchase! Use Code: CORKY #41points #nosweep 4
There are not enough jails, not enough police, not enough courts to enforce a law not supported by the people.-H. Humphrey
you're gonna look amazing!<U+0001F499> We're hanging out 24/7! <U+0001F604>
Lost big pot. Guy called me dwn with bottom pair oop n raised pot with 3 plyrs left to act & got there...
new sonnggggg whadddduppppp :)))))) ( first person to give me their opinion? ) :D
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music
#ncdpi WL ES We are rating each world language essential standard for it's cognitive difficulty based on Bloom's Revised Taxonomy
I work consistently with only guys. One theatre though, mainly wmn. It's not a period or hormone thing you might be experiencing
I haven't felt this way in such a long time. It might be temporary but it feels so damn good. =D <3
Amy Levine: #FCC has long advocated creative uses of #spectrum in #healthcare, other places to drive #adoption,
Boyfriend video was amazing ! (: can't wait for #Believe to come out
Not a good day for the Big Ten in bowl games today. Michigan State trying to buck the trend in the final minute vs Georgia.
It's like this thunder storm has a bad case of turrets
Can we come and take pictures? Sounds like a great event!
Can we design (or retrofit) buildings using ductless air circulation w/ in the building envelope?
I think they just put the scary parts only on the trailers so people can go see it
love love love them. U going to Indy show?
your point is?
I had skittles and kool-aid.
if I can burn 400 when I run that shouldn't be an issue for you!
You can say that again! grunt....
nice work :)
if fighting, crying, and trying doesn't change anything, then you're doing it for the wrong person.
Only because its so obvoius...duhh ;p and you know that girl ;) looks like the Gods crafted your face perfectly ;)
Sounds cozy!
“There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.”~Christopher Morley
I do indeed! I'm teaching it as a seminar on the late 20th-century British novel. There are ten novels. Want me to send the list?
All four should've committed -- definitely would've gotten interviewed, then!
Well, we'd love to have you! When are you going to come in, soon? :)
too bad it's not true. So your dreams didnt come true. They are perfectly fine. :)
I hope he goes on tour with them.
We look forward to hearing back from you! Thanks!
Shower head setting reads: "Massage". Should read: "Flay Skin from Bone"
yeayea... i do miss you friend we need to talk
Don't mind if I do ;)
DID U HAVE FUN TONIGHT!!
We now offer Business Card Magnets, Car Magnets, Vinyl Decals & Lettering, Etched Glass Decals, Car Graphics & More-Contact us for info!!
I aint with the bull , so this aint bull - you a weeenie I bet youu be layin on your meat !
Hi :) I hope I get to meet you someday, but it might not happen. Either way, I just want you to know that I love you! <3
I'm framing that ish. Chick looks HOT as a bastard.
what would your masters be in? And good job! I want to go back eventually.
My wife makes the best from scratch hot cocoa.
#BasketballWives- Showing up to ANY business meeting unprepared is #fail. when showing up to any meeting, be PREPARED
RT Tuesdays at Howl at the Moon. $1 beer, $1 dogs, $1 burgers. Show starts at 7:45!
Glad she let her go!! She ain't worried about nobody but a guy all the time anyways. Glad I didn't tell her what I knew about him...lol!!
cringe worthy?
CIS Downtown welcomes Okazaki family and friends for their wedding this coming weekend.
why are you the worst friend ever?
hey it's GO time! RT : Tori Spelling is pregnant with her FOURTH child just FIVE months after giving birth.
We are having a wine sale...
Pretty sure if Michigan loses to Ohio that would fall under the category of Ultimate Karma.
great interview with today!
that'd be sweet..let me know when.. Ill make sure im off so we can parrrtty
Check out & “: Know any great craft or small batch coffee roasters? Looking for a new cup of joe.
did she break all of her fingers? thats always the worst.
open arms
Seguin shoots puck over Montoya's shoulder.Snap shot from high in left circle. Bergeron and Marchand get assists. 4-2 #Bruins over
Hah, okay! That will give me some time to catch up! Lol.
I hate when you get stuck with a crap teacher and there is no way to escape to a better one.
That's a really cool gift :) It's great that there are now so many active options for game systems! Fun for parents and kids both!
Can I just say Austin was born sexy. Everything he does is attractive, tbh.
I think the only criteria for being an American Apparel model is that you have to be a registered sex offender
If VT wants to fire Weaver w. cause, you'd figure his handling of the SG firing gives them the perfect out.
When cooking for a holiday dinner it can be a challenge--just cook from scratch--you control the ingredients and the calories.
Uh Oh! But I am sure he will come out on top of this situation! ; ) Happy Birthday to you!
It seems like the only place im happy at now a days, is Ruby's (:
On a high note… {literally!} STOKED to get the new CD in the mail. Review and interview with the guys coming soon...
I Swear, Some Of Y'all Fall In Love Every Other Week...
One dedicated day hardly seems fair. She deserves a lifetime of happiness. Happy Mother's Day to the strongest person I know. Luv you, mum.
ctfu i really dnt knw her real name but on fb it rainbow teen pride
m, whiskey.
IMO, this has been a really awful season of
do not! I went to city walk after so :P
“: you need to make it happen. It's worth the trip” I'll add it to my list of things to do!
Capitalize on the opportunity that rapid human brain development provides,& realize the benefits that healthy children provide to all of us.
Looking at hitting up some #fashion #tradeshows for JenoLo Line...any suggestions #advice out there. I need 2 get my #hustle on
I'm sorry...to you..but not to the Lakers. lol
I guess that combo is a fair and cheaper replacement for
Very interesting use of video. Are any of them private? Or all public...
We are committed to bringing out some of the best artists we can find!
Joe, I think he's such a class act...
Last chance to win an iPad 2! Giveaway drawing is tomorrow morning! www.blastoffnetwork.com/giveaways.aspx?i=1
Skype soon? Miss ya!
What's on for you next, M? River Plate?
Game provided visitors w/ "an excuse to be silly in a museum." Hear, hear- more ways to make museums comfortable, community spaces
At dah end of dah day i have no onee but my self .
Happy jesus Day
Chara wins the fastest slap shot competition again and sets a new record with 108.8 MPH!
Through 10 games, #Brewers have 5.65 ERA (worst in NL) and a .228 team batting average, with three starters below .200.
Even when Austin breathes, he makes me smile.
iphone here i cum
I don' wanna sleep.
salads better
Ah life is god :3
Are you aspiring to be twitter #famous?
Newest edition out today-- Be sure to pick yours up anywhere on the Lincoln Park or Loop Campus, enjoy!
lol, its so early why is any of that on ur mind haha.
Thanks! You are pretty amazing and I am honored to know you. Now, if only we could do another road trip to Chi. hmm...
Workaholic Anonymous Meetings might be in order.
<U+30CF><U+30ED><U+30FC><U+30AD><U+30C6><U+30A3> Hello Kitty xP
hey that's major. CONGRATS! Staying there for summer?
I'm right on the edge of giving in to ya, but baby it's a long way down.
I'll see you this weekend:)
Pedestrians were throwing themselves infront of my bicycle last night @ Kenmore. Is it because the Red Sox lost, again?
would I have tweeted that if there wasn't some Celeste sprinkled in there?
my mom and dad are coming too, and if it's cool with you they'd love to tag along! And then yeah, I'm doing a tour thing.
No matter which direction it moves, it stops when it hits the wall of admins and legislators.
Shane: thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy the tweets! Therese'
RE5 Monday night, bring your A game
congrats on your global scholar hat!
----super fun and exciting feeling of seeing all these awesome people and hanging out all day in the summer, so it would be awe--
Resistance is futile.
That's strange, perhaps the cold weather is more suitable for you.
I hate doctors who can't stay on time for their appointments.
Thanks much!
What yummies are in that cup?
Fair enough..and I'm hoping that means there will be a followup.
Jordan just walked out on cut day for the NGO!!! And Kelly's mom just signed Jordan's partner Wendy to be her client.
Not sure I can make that date, but if not, let's keep in touch! <U+0001F60A>
The group was barred from last year's Hampdenfest because their material was deemed offensive.
will anyone be live tweeting Abdu'l-Baha'is visit to America (as if it were 100 years ago)? It could be fascinating! 1/2
just took my hemo rage, this ones for you man!
Ladies and Gentlemen!!! My child is the 2012-2013 President of the National Junior Art Honor Society at her School!!! Toot toot Beep Beep!!!
......I deny your awesomeness
can we be best friends?
hi hoe are u
Why is Harry called Hazza exactly?
thx very much for the follow. Happy to reciprocate. Looking fwd to your posts. Cheers!
no idea i just got here
Can I get a follow back??
Love with your mind and think with your heart
oh hot daymm.
never that! You should be down on campus
Going to make the first move. You won't know what happen :P
Thxs partly 2 a bubble enabled by SEC Modernization of Oil/Gas Reporting 17 CFR Pts 210, 211 MT Chesapeake #Energy Shares Tumbling
Follow us and RT with hashtag #IwantMyiPad2 for a chance to win a brand new iPad2. 1 888 The Check
um, prop d?
i haven't had starbucks in like 3 years...
Funny you should mention that, we're trying to teach him! :-)
i would love to kiss you for free if you want me too please
Dominican coins currency!
For Neuro recovery Yawning till tears in eyes helps voice/swallow & may stop drooling
If you want to pre-order a shirt and get FREE stuff you will have until next Wednesday at midnight to pre-order! :D Shirt+Bracelet+Surprises
When planning for a year, plant corn. When planning for a decade, plant trees. When planning for life, educate people. -Chinese Proverbs
lol srry i havent been replying,ive been watching random youtube videos
My thing is this; if I'm sick enough to think it, then I'm sick enough to say it.
Anyone have a favorite "how to" video? Good or bad instructional video from YouTube, etc? Gathering examples to use for class.
You gotta love New England today 60 degrees, now snowing and 20 degrees... :(
Exciting news - The guys will be developing 2 signature cocktails, inspired by #MadMen, for BRAVO on May 17.
I wonder which 9er won't be playing for the team next year.
That wasn't as easy as you'd think.
“ #Aries have the courage to see things though despite the outcome.”
I'm the journalist.
#Str8LykeDes... Ion look at certain niggas the same no moe....
When Lil Boosie's getting his haircut, does he just say, "give me the Barry Sanders"? Free Boosie, btw.
you don't love me...
no problem man
love to talk anytime!
Texting and Mowing again ;)
on the highway lol idrk the specific place
Never been so excited for a break to be over!
Thanks :D Now I'm Living My Life Like It's Golden :D
Why can't people pick up their dang feet when they walk???
my #Shoutouts miss you too! haha :) soory its been awhile. i been busy.
Listens to "Crack The Sky" for the first time. Too early to tell... but man, these doods are smart.
RIP Junipr Seau, one of the greatest
I'm sleepy, goodnightC:
Cant wait to see what 2012 has in store for me...
dik eat we can find something :P
omg math class..lmao she still never told me
Claim it, plan it...you already know! Lol
lol sorry officer
“: I love curly hair!” it looks awesome!
Same! I would retweet Christine but I don't want more ppl to read that article!! Not accurate portrayal at all.
Over the hill! On March 6, 2012, turns 100.
#1 referer to OAC is Wikipedia. Another reason for archivists to contribute more to Wikipedia
Ew! I love seeing packaging fails up close like this.
Cause it's a bitter sweet symphony this life.
i like ur twitter name, at first glance i was like who the hell is that
If you chose a dream #shopping #spree, where would it be? #NYC, #London, #Paris...?
#THATCampOSU "You're crazy if you think you can do it by yourself." Cindy on DH.
Just tested out the footage over at the Camera 3 on this rainy day before the San Jose Short Film Festival...it's movie time!
Bill Maher's New Rules for #TimeMagazine in last night's 'Real Time' on HBO = scathingly brilliant.
What's the total net worth of the folks in the famous Romney picture with money coming out of their pockets?
#android users, "emulator roms" on the market is pretty good game emulator. Just got done playing the original mario.
WE IN
I got some real ass teammates
If yo child pamper has ever been on more than 6 hours u could never b a good mom u shitty booty baby having biatch
Cafe closing...more later
Awesome RT : just tapped the Frontal Labottleme IPA. Come try this beer from one of SD's newest breweries!
solo party
How The Fuck Can Alex Flores Be down to fight me again if he aint down to fight a 5' 4" kid from Chaparral?
you should check out
the sexiest. c;
Classic female quotes "SS Be Quiet real quick My Dude Callin" lmao it never gets old!!
You guys made it on my top 25. Played more than 250 times. xD I'm about to raise that number even higher ! Love you guys.
Don't Follow LEAD we need more LEADERS we all have a greater purpose here on Earth not are own selfish purpose but something Far Greater
Let's go cardinals
And we're off! Can't wait to ride on recycling to Auburn!
Listening to Russell Perkins at
No problem! It's not too bad, we make it worth it!
Im not a messenger so dont treat me like one!!!!
Just visited a friend in the hospital who was saved by a savvy MD team but then after getting infected wishes he listened to other patients.
Scallops as Friday Special... New menu... & Reverse Happy Hr. 9-cl $2 off alcohol & drinks in the bar. (@ INdustri Cafe) http
Finally gonna be seen.. ugh..
Thank you to all the people that came out to Prophet Bar last night! We had a great time. Hope to see you all again soon!
More writing next week for a series of new short video projects, plus some design/creative projects to keep me busy.
Love reading the Eating Well Magazine. Lots of a great info and recipes incorporating organic, quick easy recipes.
i know neither did I...they must have him confused with someone else.
you ready?
Your vision creates your reality
Impostoring a swag god is a serious offense and could lead to death
THIS RT": Now if Disney can offer a "local" discount than Jazz Fest surely can."
Watch out world, I'm street legal.
love it when you call me legs, in the morning buy me eggs <3
Seconded! RT : Big MD preservation thanks to & for signing HPF Dear Colleague
FINALLY HOME!!! I feel like I've been in a car forever. Such a crazy weekend it was :)
So glad! More pix!
great mtg you today at event! Thx for taking an interest in our work.
Thanks you too josh!
They should have designed it on a rolling cylinder so that you could extend it endlessly. Put that redesign on their ToDo list. thx
Welcome to Twitter you display such dignity & grace! Congratulations on all of your successes on & off the field
I'm a photographer for my school news paper, which means VIP and Press Passes for local concerts over the summer!
burning a little an-hour-before-midnight oil...
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY GIRL
tha same Fucking thing damn I'm still partying
The logo today honors geologist (and Catholic bishop) on 374th birthday. Steno discoveries support evolution theory: www.google.com
Chinchillas clean themselves in a bath of volcanic dust. so, you know, just pretend you're a chinchilla for the day.
"He's Black I'm Spanish HELLO my genes dominate!" BWAHAHAHA I love Maury!
Being single is fun!! I definitely take advantage of the perks it has!!
Emma says her favorite basketball team is the Kansas jayhawks!!
Not only do I fall down stairs, I trip up them as well- now that takes talent. haha i am such a clumsy person sometimes..
thank you for all the chats and such. I'll look for you around the bluffs. :)
so you code any of it in templates or do you just do dreamweaver or what?
My spirit is unconquerable, for I know I am capable.I don't care what's probable, through blood and tears, I am unstoppable." - A Robles
Sometimes I could massacre a cheeseburger.
way over and up I was like fuck. But its still usable.. obviously.
Programmed music no Bass no live drums and the sound system sounded horrible what is going on? They had about 400 members.
Also, re: the dissertation, my sewing machine is back up & running. So far I've made 2 skirts. I'll have so many clothes when this is over.
Are you basing this off instagram photos of me?
Happy bloggerversary to If you haven't yet, follow him. If you don't, you will be forced to endure Battlefield Earth on repeat.
so what happens to Osama Bin Laden's Facebook account?
Being a mother is learning about strengths you didn't know you had, and dealing with fears you didn't know existed. ~Linda Wooten
The Black Bear Inn is Opened on Mother's Day. Who else is?
some Mom's feel like they live in a zoo!
I've seen lots of flossing. So gross!
It's better to give then to receive, but it would make others feel good if you gave them something back.
A Racine alderman is accused of choking & striking a pregnant woman. I'll have more on the story on Ten at Ten.
i want some chocolate covered strawberries, y'all.
YOUNG PHAT 4 PRESIDENT MIXTAPE COMIN SOON!!! CHECK OUT THE NEW SINGLE "GETTIN IT" ON YOUTUBE!!! MIGHTY MPIYA BUSINESS!!!
I am mug proof!
Watching game of thrones! Yeeaaaahhh!!
I love Steve Blake. <U+0001F494>
RT : Oh well you know , I thought I was part of this family .. But FUCK YOU all then!
Hell yeah :) And you know I'm down for grub! Let's make it happen this time!
My friend it is already here ... Just wait until Media catches up and start printing headlines about it
Good Reds win. Now it's all about the Masters!!
nothing but love, keep your ear aboveground, here it comes
dude that's what it's all about! The enemy was defeated and death could not hold Jesus down! He saved us all! He's risen
When I say that I won't tell anybody my best friend doesn't count.
Happy birthday from San Antonio TX, April, and may you celebrate so many, many more7! ")
its all love in da end wen it come to me keeping it real wit someone
Whitney Houston was one of the best singers ever! A real gift from god! There will never be another Whitney!
Headed to Madison to cover the turning in of recall petitions by Democrats.
hey..checkout my bros music vid on youtube...supra-My Dreams Are Our Dreams..hes a rapper who talks about real things..
I be buying thangz just to buy thangz.
Do you still use Google+?
From London to Ibiza
aww thank you! :)
“: Maybe I should just turn into a media robot and follow the norm.” well that would be mighty boring
No ma'am! just some sections!
"Just as a small fire is extinguished by the storm whereas a large fire is enhanced by it - likewise a weak faith is weakened by predicamen
ha bro im a freshman
what??? How I do that
Ok Toronto - I'm coming home and screening Timeless at Ame on Mercer on Dec 22nd! Hope to see you there!
Slap happy o'clock.
really good Q: "what is "community?" Can be big or small, but Q for you: at what age are we allowed to participate? 18 & Voting?
I need to start a load of laundry before I leave the house tho...
what the hell is this weather featuring David guetta
The worst thing would by the Tworture
RT - So who its gonna be gabbert for jacksonville jaguars or newton tenn?-?
LOL! I think I know the subject... Maybe... maybe not! There are DMs
Josh Johnson should forget Sf and Wash, dial up Denver. I bet they'll pay well for the right backup. And you could be "the future"
Moving sucks
no way, but more inspiring.
Radio(hed) pe
wanna get DP'd while we have our slap fest?
haha aw. Congrats!!!!
#pcpgh6 myths session good info regarding not worrying about numbers. Interested in asking how do I convince advertisers of that
practice generative listening - discovering what we know, sharing, and opening to possibilities - to be vulnerable a bit
THUNDER AND LIGHTENING!!!!!<U+26A1><U+2614>
Let me know when you wanna take a break from plotting. Let's go to this week if you have time.
Playing "Touch and Go" with today at 4:40 pm in Times Square!
you would
For those of you that have standard visitation this month will have a 1,3 and 5th weekend. Meaning you get 2 weekends back to back.
2 tests down, 1 to go.
Fill in the blank! Nothing gets me motivated more than _______.
happy everything to everyone!
so they need to flip the model: "these people are pinning the same types of stuff" so follow them
I did
It's not about the money; It's about what you spend it on...
I love van/car heat when you first get in..
What CIA is not an organization of spies?
U ROCK:) RT seemed silly buying tix in June but in retrospect so glad I did w all the madness going on,right ?
"I can't shake this feeling that we belong together." - Robin on her relationship with Barney
just did a survey of the group, looks like most of us are gonna go for the bug tastin! :)
let's go #Lakers I am finally dressed & ready for #MingleMondays w/my bro holding it down
yes! Mention anything like that, totally helps
Hahah well starting Tuesday, you'll be seeing a lot of me at your casa. Don't get too excited!
I just noticed my iPod got scratched when I dropped it in the morning <U+0001F620><U+0001F621><U+0001F47F><U+0001F494>
Good point. Didn't realize that. Even more reason to end it quickly.
thx for the follow, we're working furiously on the next great Cloud App Platform for building enterprise cloud apps quicly & easily
What a way to blow it
I'm bout to stop claiming Memphis I'm changing my name to Bartlett ten Ken
happy birthday sweetie! Are you having a good day?? :)
This isn't much better than the smell of #coffee as soon as I walk in the office in the morning. Lovin' life!
syllabus syllabus syllabus silhouette silhouette silhouette oh oh oh oh
Checking out the new version of Fancybox. One more thing to update with the PikaChoose redesign. Thanks for the great app
Found it. Bed.
Beer fairy I so love you
Really starting to dislike my family at the moment.
Sounds yummy!
Realizing I need to make myself more friendly
make it me, and Sonnet 130. And really do justice to that phenomenal last line. I know you can.
I can't be the only adult pushing 40 that still has one-person dance parties in my office to brainstorm. Right? Right?
My son also has a CHD. He has Tetralogy of Fallot.
Love the art. Very unique!
So welcome! We are headed back to WDW this Friday!
Keep looking my way. My head is held high. You wanna bring me down? I dare you to try.
Secretly back in rockford
Thank you and for having me on the #PR panel today! I enjoyed your insightful questions!
what am i doin? oh yeah thats right im doin me
Now we are watching the Anchorman version of the "Afternoon Delight" video.
All caught up for the first time in over a year. The calm before the storm feels good for a change.
Yes. RT : The best thing "new" lesson being able to create again. The past four years were too much dismantling.
your a Goddess...need to spice up my marriage...PLZ recommend a DVD...love u baby....
I wish this very same thing everyday!
I just dont get along with rugby players
is amazing and beautiful and smart and she and make it okay to be normal
Nope, and i am not from Africa :/ I am really referencing "boaters" children. 1st generation American.
loves it when the federal government gives back some of the taxes they stole. I think I'll get a new laptop. And some weed.
Making potato salad to go with turkey burgers for dinner tonight. There's just something about warm potato salad that's gross!
you can do it, jaim!! Xo
Man why do I fuck with weird girls
is making us hangover burritos. :)
damn, you a lucky ass bitch
: Let's plan a brunch and wear our boaties! :)
A penny with 2 nickels makes way more noise than a full piggy bank!
Or ask for podcast gossip... RT Now in hour 13 of workday - send love, jokes, questions, cherished memories (of me, DUH)...
Yeee buddy, got the 3rd & 4th book for the Hunger Games <U+0001F603>
school night
Three great one-on-one meetings today with Duck Biz Lunch attendees. And huge props to Peoples' Sandwich of Portland for the sandwich! The …
#ff love you mandy! x
Time to start planning the day-after-christmas dinner again
Just looking, probably getting a crv or rav4
I haven't seen my hubby since Dec. Two hours to go.
Just thought and should know I had to listen to 'That Thing You Do' again this morning. Maybe more than once.
Harsh words ? Lol & what else?
“: Just followed as an homage to #legend” Me too!
Girl shut yo mouth! (In Coach Dickson voice) You know I love you.. :]
What do you like about the show Million Dollar Listing on Bravo?
Mr Cheeks is @ #Uptown tonight.. how bout that
Congrats goes to my "master" friend for landing a job at the Consulate General of Canada in Chi town. Way to get after it, dawg!
your the third hot seach on google!! congrats!!
Only a few more days until its mine...
Another special guest at the BC last night... ... Did Miss America get her wish? Coincidence? Hm
Morning!! -_- You should have some Papaya for breakfast.
Death gotta be easy, cause life is hard.
At venetian las vegas... Weather is perfect.. Partied at the paris the night b4. I kissed a girl, and I liked it
Nothin' like a real NY "everything" bagel, and it best have salt! Gahhhh...
Any hunch on who's the favorite? Adrian did a heckuva job getting Edgewood to the tourney.
i'm going to paint a masterpiece at the new space in #dupont tonight - can't wait
My taste buds can take only so much, twitter! ": made some ridiculously delicious-smelling pear/pineapple and strawberry jams."
I called it 2 months ago
"Journalism is printing what someone else does not want printed. Everything else is public relations" - George Orwell
I mean it is the truth i would be happy if u did u have the best sayings ever i like gettin on twitter and seeing them:) <U+0001F497>
holy fuck! That's a lot of coin for a VHS
Purplespace is sending good vibes your way. :-D
matt flynn and phiblin shall soon reunite
Blues at the Bluseum this Sunday starts at 1pm! Bring a picnic or get your food and drinks at the balloon museum! Tix $10. Gonna be rockin'!
A woman asks if this is the train to Sea World. There is no train directly to Sea World, I say, & her child cries.
Why r u drinking ketchup? My magic meatball told me too feeling random!!! I luv penguins <3
#Cavs have recalled F Luke Harangody from #Canton. He'll be with the big boys for remainder of #NBA season.
At olive garden with the most amazing birthday girl ever!
“Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.” Thomas a Kempis
who cares?
can you please follow miss mimi pink please:)?
"Almost equal is not good enough" ... well said Tanya
Welcome boo! [;
lol I have it in my room! It's been in the same spot for a month , lol I'm free tomorrow after practice, I'll txt you
team 11 cheated!
i hate when i have to go to school in the morning but i cry every morning bc i dont wanna go to school bc i feel like i have no friends
Thanks so much ! :DD
i'm being tested by the Greek gods
Im good man hbu?
Lmfao. "glad y'all are leaving" BAH. alright.
I had the exact same thought.
Everything you do just annoys me!! <U+0001F620>
Remember, never use household cleaners to clean your pool or spa. Desert Pool Cleaning only uses the best chemicals to service your pool!
Ahh,Only 4 more years until College.
Beautiful morning in NYC. Off to Dance class Drama Book Shop. Central Park. Just me, myself, and I.
Salem used to have one at Market and I-5 back in the 90s
RT : RT : Pretty cool thing by the Mets. So far, each batter has walked out to a Beastie Boys song.
--who knows--it does sound good though
sure thing. What happened to your website?
Thanks, Vu! Do I get my money back if we don't win? That was part of the #lottery deal, right?
#Save Your Home tips from Anna Cuevas on Michigans WTCM Newstalk with Norm Jones Wed Nov 23 10:35 Eastern Time Listen Live online
The Immaculate Reception. The Catch. The Music City Miracle. And now, The Squat.
Boutta slap the ACT with a 30 and get home to play some baseball.
Happy Mother's Day! With my mom and seeing Grandma tonight - I'm so thankful for them, and so thankful to be a mom - love you kiddos!
I think that was what they call "The big inning."
what store did u get yours from in the A?
if everybody boss, then who really workin-really tho
If you'd like to speak at your high school assembly, talk to your advisor/principal and have them call us! (414) 273-4670
If u missed us today...@ a minimum were doing LuncH 10am to 2pm 7 days a week @ Lees W Lake Mead...count on that unless we post otherwise..
For some of us, our iPods with the right music mixes are really time machines with a built-in fountain of youth
Please #Indiana win one for the Gipper!!!!
Sponsored by
E. Tawil: Brown's repurposing of extraliterary materials one of the defining features of his writing.
To all my creative souls. Mark EVERY photo you release on the net! ppl can steal it if their pressed but will think twice. (lesson learned)
I think it's harder to get to notice me on twitter than :P
and i've been thinking bout forever...
i hope you all had a good mothers day
very interesting! retweet!!
Ok I'm having a Skype call tonight with people who wanna help me with the contest so DM me your Skype and I'll add you:)
Oh no! Not the metric system! That's horrible-- the class sounds like a great way to introduce more people to archaeology.
this Friday we will be in Cleveland opening for and at the beachland ballroom! Learning a new cover to debut!
that makes me so much happier than I thought it would ugh
oh sweet! Thank you!! Could you send it to me by tomorrow?!
I love you bro :') I'll throw extra hard for you!
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. -Charles Austin Beard
is truely afraid of Glenn Beck
says collaborative scholarship is a different process and has a different "feel" than individual scholarship
meaning, Ginger don't give a sh*t? Err, maybe she does. ;)
Hey it's BK, Alcatraz closed on this day 1963. Are you watching the new show about the famed prison?
. is at #1525NewtonStNW serving up a hot lunch today. They're volunteer driven, you should check them out!
So who's enjoying this gorgeous Maui day for the Hyundai tournament?
there should be a good amount of people there.
Holy crap, is on Twitter. Burn your Rolodexes!
Yes, is always inspiring to read! Read his book Quitter. :)
No tort reform, just hot Air...Nothing new
Farfan: now we have ownership over how we want to portray ourselves and show the complexities in our lives
lmao you wouldnt hurt your BABY cousin
Wow at the airport so early security isn't even open yet...fml I can't wait to sleep
agreed...that's my forecast as well.
So true Finley really getting on my nerves
Best of luck with your talk and panel.
hey just saw your tweet! yes, lots of juices for about a week..it made a big difference! but I gotta keep it up..that's hard part
Awh Lebron's momma is so cute!
alright, celtics took care of the heat. now the sox need to finish this game.
Thatz wuz up I hate Rogers county!!!
Uh oh, Bosh is out! Might be some issues for the Heat..
Prediction: 1: #CrazyBill will forget he hates me. 2: He will confront me. 3 He will mentally confront me; schizo on schizo. Betting on 3..
Watching the movie Coco Chanel..
Isn't my profile perfect? x_x
I seem to have misplaced The Locked Room, 30 pages before the end. This is torture.
best closer ever, yes. but i am not going to tell the man to call it a day. especially based on numbers achieved.
u have a great one urself! ;o)
why not? LOL
NIGHTMARE ALLEY's carnys enter the Jim Crow South: "dark and bloody land where hidden war traveled like a million earthworms under the sod."
Hello Twitternation! It's a beautiful day in my city!
I haven't gotten on either...we should get it in the next hour or so.
come live with me! Miss you handsome!
FB FRIENDS!!! I want to send Christmas cards to every one of you! Message me a mailing address if I don't have it or if you have moved!
GOODLUCK >.> RT : Lunch time + cleaning + interview + dinner=
Why does going to the Sprint store take longer than being seen in a crowded ER?
thanks doll! xx RT : OMG! followed me <3 i love u even though i just found out about your twitter account recently
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! ! <3
At dayton, heading on back to philly via b-more after a nice visit with my family in Ohio. Be back next week :)
And now I'm going to get it :-)
Having absolutely no friends whatsoever sucks more than you know.
I'm leaving my house in a minute!
CHOSEN W/ A PURPOSE...<U+0001F48B>
who do u consider the most dominate player ever?
HA! Universal McCann as Activation Director for Johnson & Johnson :) start 4/23
Apple needs testers for the iPad with a built in camera. So logically, they've reached out to only my most obscure friends.
I Don't Get Why It's Takes Some Of Friends Like An Hour To Text Back A Smiley Face -.- Lol
I just finished a 0.79 mi run with a pace of 18'47"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
<U+0001F3B6>I've got a feeling, [you're] not the only one<U+0001F3B6>
I (usually) disagree. If you want it, usually you aren't so niche that no one else does.
clueless? we need em here in Columbus, you see the "zimmerman" tag on OSU campus?
Thanks for including us in your GIS companies Daily!
If I had a nickel for every time AT&T dropped a call, I could afford a Verizon bill.
Sometimes the strongest people in the morning, are the ones that cry themselves to sleep at night.
I have purchased a hookah.
You gotta support those who support you, that's a support system
US Open finals and WCOOP 23. Rafa hasn't lost a set all tourney but Novak played amazing to beat Fed. Predicting Rafa wins career GS in 5.
what year can i take that?
My comment re wrongful convictions was intended as a message to Teresab327. The work of angels, I call it.
hahaha That's fun! I hope I can join next time they are on!
Changed my page, trying to run a network to get the word out on earning free cash! VISIT THE WEBSITES ON MY PAGE DESCRIPTION!
where at
ANNOUNCEMENT: the Minerva lineup is out! New Found Glory, Corey Smith, All That Remains, 10 Years, underOATH, Ingram Hill...
SEO Company in India: Improve Your Website Traffic
theres no time to let the blood dry
trudging thru work today - holding on to thougths of tonight
Take note political flaks - you can NOT stand in the way of PatriceWalsh13 & an interview she's been promised!
Thank you!! It means alot... She should be out of the coma soon.. Or we hope... Shes in critical care..
Thanks again for coming out in the rain on Sunday! Hope to see you again soon!
Thanks! It's been a learning experience but it has been wonderful introducing these books & perspectives to students!
he's on 30 rock live!
God means it when He says He will enlarge your territory and take you to new heights if you trust Him. this is ME, the queen of lonely.
i hate you
another crutch word I have is groovy in more informal settings and I've been getting made fun for that!
At #savor and still Haven't peed.
how can I hear it?
Wait that second in the middle of the night kiss lol >
Why are many vegans so rude and know it all? Lack of omegas or protein? Someone please do a study. They need help! #vegans suck
RT : shares some incredible Frugal Living tips :)
old New Years Resolution doc... "I wont run out of my diner meal plan before the end of the semester"
More like, feral wombat or perhaps a feral, rabid, squirel.
We have a God that is large and in charge!
I did. I'm not as clear cut as you'd assume!
Postin new videos shortly
We will be making our predictions for the 2012 season soon! If you have any thoughts on the matter, let us know!
Stats class came in very handy today. Good investment!
Former Mpls Park Police Chief pleads guilty to 2nd degree sexual conduct just before his trial was to start. More coming up at 6:10 on CCO.
m....you said it sista!
Yesterday I told my kids I'm going to work and they said. 3,2,1 sleep now, 1,2,3 wide awake power. Wow they are learning and talking fast.
Also spoke to Chadima's lawyer today. He says they don't agree with everything in the latest report but they're happy with the findings.
Go Pacers! Pumped for the season!
10 minutes till my team's Opening Day. 10 minutes till my new year begins.
you don't have a phone ?
Not what your arteries are saying
I'm going to the concert here but my mom is making me pay in school work!
meet Sounds like something you like
Jimmy Howard answering the bell so far. Now dare I ask if we can see a goal?
Have you started your spring break yet?
Going to see my grandparents tomorrow. I feel like my entire family are strangers
iSwear iSmoke to Much weed, iJust can't remember things anymore XD
Don't forget to follow ! If they reach 5K followers tomorrow, they'll donate $5K to the street kids program in Rwanda!!!
Agreed. But they should from a time preferential advantage w/production, not gov't imposed monopoly over reproduction
I love the Insanity workout. Very intense. Hurt my shoulder. :( Go For It!
vs We need this. Also Aries vs and Aries vs Sabin.
new twitter interview question: "now do that while banagramming"
so I had a dream you called me to come in and eat Mer's muddy buddies
Just ordered some Ecuadoran (Organic/FT), Rwandan (FT), and a small amount of Mexican (Decaf). I'll let you know when it's ready!
Static stretching is best post workout to prevent muscle tears.
true but of course not the way id like to be watching. thankful for the computer though
-Ok I got you homie!!
Syracuse Basketball Icon Jim Boeheim Joins Cellceutix to Fight Cancer - MarketWatch (press release)
No Name Brand Tanpons ! Wear They Do That At ! Haha
I can literally quote most of Bring It On.
Thanks for swinging by for a taste of one of our favorites!
So it seems I'm getting a Bolland jersey instead of a Belfour one… I'm still good with that
"mental weight loss"?? It's called exercise
I love all of his pictures. haha.
who's concerrt?!?!
thanks for the follow ; )
47, I believe.
I do that constantly and drive myself crazy. I don't believe there is. I just delete it and repost.
i love you.<3
Brian Barr from will be on Paul W Smith between 7-7:30pm on WJR TONIGHT. Tune in now!
I'm one of the biggest #sports fans anywhere but this #LeBron James hoopla is bullshit. ZERO #NBA titles, AND he's a quitter.
my question is for queen latifah i just wanted to know if i could be your marshmallow to your hot chocolate
Stupid people in my neighborhood are setting off fireworks while im trying to sleep. Twitter is just keeping me company til they stop (;
i'm good in sf now! any good new music to share with me? :)
Some 435 people have attended the National Public Health Week Film Festival so far! Check out photos from opening night....
This might be the weed talking but why don't flashlight companies use firefly technology?
how...and you don't even know me...it wouldn't matter...I would jus be 1 less person the govt is killin off...
West Side apartment tower proposal sent to mayor - Baltimore Sun
oh my god im dying, seriously that was the funniest thing i have ever seen omg
so like im n the library...missing u lol
Great show Live from the main Greenhouse of the Jardin Botanique de Montreal (Butterflies Go Free)! Thanks for the interview!
Researching a bio note & found this: "He ran into foolish & wanton delights, as sports & past time, music & dancing": Positively scandalous!
Happy Bday to my friend and coworker ! #goodluck today!
Louise Shelley, TRCCC, GMU at #ISOCDC roundtable on Transparency and Corruption. TRCCC Web site in Vladavostak was to getting M hits/mo
Wait, this is one of those times where we blame everything on EA right!? Yeah, you suck EA!
Yea, The Black Mamba
Yes. I did a few months ago and think there is a big difference, especially in camera quality.
thanks for the mention!
Most NYC 5th ave. local players would value you building between $34-35 Million. Very tough to rent with a high traffic tenant, the Chabad.
KG is starting to find his groove in this game at the perfect time.
Good to have Bob Kemp back on the radio today. Hope you are feeling better.
This is getting even MORE interesting! ;)
My nephew knows more multiplication than I do.. For those who know how retarted he is, you'd know how sad this is lol.
I'd like to live in a world where our teachers are the highest-paid people in the country. /cc
I'm new in twitter!
You guys are awesome.
damn I would too got goo on deck right now
Oh, I'm always down. I say we get together and reminisce on the festival gyros of yore, and soon.
those guys are always hanging out in the park w/their snazzy outfits. So well-behaved too.
Me too! I had to redesign a portion of the garden & I need to buy some shrubs. It's a lot of work, but it will be worth it.
Someone who really loves you sees what a mess you can be, how moody you can get, how hard you are to handle, but still wants u in their life
dang girl!
There's one shot, damnit!
the physical organization of land uses and the creation of their architecturally styled connections into a coherent environment
Zin in redbull of cola of fanta.
Life is like a bowl of soup; you only get blown if you’re hot.
yeah I'm thinking about it
well, i got one wrong. but i'm happy that "walk" won, it's a good tune.
I know im more of an xbox guy ..ps3 once in a while
U MAD BRO?
Parade time! Make sure to say hi to us!
The Replacement Wife by Eileen Goudge. And You?
See you there! RT Going to see "I am Montana" by
The Clippers are back in this, there's still a lot of time left
Hey, whatever makes you feel better Lynne! :-) I still haven't checked the apt therapy feature! Will do tonight :-)
Emma took classes with Cynthia Bain Young Actor's Studio in Studio City. Loved it. Top notch.
I wonder if it'll get easier
Chillin watching sports center
I'd Probaly have a a lot of followers if I sat around and said nothing all day!
Up all night fighting with Illustrator
yes, but sad either way :(
come to WISCONSIN please
good morning mahomies (: y'all had dreams of a-meezy ?<3
So I am follwing - love the art but why ur the first person out side of my musical artist I have followed
It's Meat Lover's Wednesday! Which type of our smokin' BBQ do you want for dinner tonight?
To the man who inspired a Syndey Carton-POV poem I wrote long ago:
This is effen tragic. Never is it ok to perpetuate violence..
The Citizens United ruling is specifically re corporations. Nobody is saying unions are equivalent to corporations or individuals.
now you got him started
Phillies came back ... at the expense of the 'Stros. Remember, Devin, there are no bad years -- only "rebuilding."
My mom is so drunk.
yes its hard, we like em all!
Happiness. You can't pay for that.
I don't start it but ill sure as hell finish it.
wow, gracias Barbara! Espero los links :).
wins the award for hottest wife ---->
Coming #brewers just gonna string some hits together 2 get these runs in... 3 runs ain't nothing
Awkward fail.
According to deals today, Matt Cain is worth double the price of both Philly newspapers.
My dog is scaring herself awake with her own flatulence.
I'm counter suing you for your welfare check.
Good Morning!! Can't wait to get to some coffee...
Wow and they tweeted back to you!!!! Lmao!
really good thanks!
Yay! What a relief.
Ty is back?? I'M SO BEHIND!
Not yet but that is an excellent idea! I will send link shortly. Thanks, Liz.
I'm going to send an email tonight with everything! Sorry it's taken so long, it's been a crazy week!
SLH is looking for anyone willing to donate used bikes for the house. used to help guys get to meetings and work. call 800-429-6990 Thanks!
that's just crazy! What is wrong with people? Idiots!
that was yesterday!
Only 1 King Burrito and it's delicious
re:beer I picked up some cage free brew. (organic honey basil beer)
Thanks for the mention!
Reluctantly using this again. Hello Twitter world!
Thanks to mean jean the chorus machine im at school on a half day
DatingChicagoland.com launches in 4 days! Reason #4 to join: As a DC member, attend our live speed dating events all around the Chicago area
I bet the fan base is going crazy because Jack, Rian, and Alex are tweeting each other right now haha
I'm only focused on my education & maintaining my lifestyles of pay rent and bills
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
RT " Time is of the essence right now .. #RushMode" ...Same here! Every moment counts!
What does"LLN" even mean?!?
Risky business? Who in the museum field is cultivating calculated risks as practice?
Protecting your identity and the environment. What did you do today?
We accept cash, all major credit cards, and welcome accounts(personal & corporate). Hell Bent For Service, Black Crown (206)722-7696
thanks to all my new followers for following
Christmas shopping fills us whatever spare time I actually had. I guess i could mellow out on searching for deals and just go to walmart.
Aaannnnndd Cut! I'm out! See you all later.
? dude why is there a random guy as yo pic
Going to c cars 2 with my nephew and sister!!!:)
Guest speaker contradicts every word professor has just said.
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: These are some tips and tricks on HOW to ask for help with WordPress (or open source in general)
two things you dont FUCK with my FOOD and my SHIT I buy
Cleaned the house by myself, baked a cake, and had to put up wit my siblings all day for my mom...The things i do for her
Why does my bed look like my closet/dresser threw up all over it
will do asap--thx! I'm a great fan of his.
According to the stats screen, I've spent over 19 hours playing Ridge Racer 6 and am only 47% done. This excites and frightens me.
Very glad to hear! What did you have? RT: : Always. Food outstanding! Service outstanding!
You should Google Eat This Not That...Cheesecake Factory is the number one offender, even the salads are bad & B4 cheesecake!
you may think that, it's okay. People have opinions.
i knoww!! he's probably walkin around shoing it of
Love your FB timeline and profile photo!
RT : RT : The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.
- Sounds yummy! what is the cake boss cooking?
Ah! I miss you! Thanks for the #LoveTweet :)
mope by bloodhound gang >
just found this joke: what did the customer say to the fish fry that ran out of ingredients??? ***************************** get batter soon
Road Atlanta was awesome today!
If U lined up all the #Blackhawks & #Coyotes to pick a team... You'd be 5 or 6 players deep before u took a Yote!! Cant lose to these guys!
so I hear in going to get to see you tomorrow. You're speaking at Westridge? For the wellspring event?
ha! understandable. think I dislike those less than "check your email" & "check your voicemail" messages.
Oh. My. Goodness. Creepy dude next to me macking (very unsuccessfully) on the flight stewardess...
Welp, the ladies have spoken: Pockets on dresses are great.
Have you seen King Tut @ The Children's Museum of Indy?
I've never watched a single episode of One Tree Hill, so I decided I'm going to watch all the seasons on Netflix starting now.
“: talking of MySpace. Is tumblr like MySpace now?” increasingly true...never a big user of either one.
She doesn't know you..
Baseball players wear pants...they the only niggas who wear pants in sports
haha that's,funny
Taco Bell:)
Some say that MATH = Mental Abuse To Humans. do you agree?
I'm going to be in Michigan but we could do it next week/weekend
If you buy me some redbull I'll love you forever. No, really.
just reading my book..(: you?
been there, done that. It ended alright.
laundry? It's under the bus, it will be washed when we get back to Nashville early in the morning
Thanks for your note! What a kindness! Hope it's a good read for you.
can i have a shoutout???? :)
Awesome, thanks! (I got grief from a CD just yesterday!)
do u think belichick will win another SB without audio/video taping their opponents practices? ;-) #fined$500,000
i <3 commercials that make me laugh out loud
We are back up, thanks everyone for your patience!
That'd be an interesting research study RT : When will call centers learn that terrible hold music just makes people angry?
kid is a Quincy rat.
#ifitwasuptome I would have magical powers!
so tomorrow should be easyish. If he shows up
Find out how you can create a residual income for yourself by promoting text marketing with ZesMo.com. www.zesmo.com
He must be on steroids. #cheater RT : Congrats Jered Weaver! And fuck the Twins.
Detail cleaning my mama's house while my twin takes her to the movies. I promise that means more to her than the flowers & candy.
BTW: it is true that the fetus is part of a woman. If it wasn't then it could survive independently.
Join my group, Walk East, for the release of our debut cd. Sunday, Jan 29. 4pm. Jerry's in Wicker Park.
"To share wisdom with someone who is foolish, is to throw the seeds of a flower into a toilet and flush." ~ Elisha Hale
CHECK OUT LATEST DESIGNS.. LINK.. SUPPORT.. MIAMI STAND UP..
Home after a fun and productive couple of days in Salt Lake City - can't wait to go back for 2012! Now, to readjust to EST...
Politics is no exact science.
Beautiful unexpressed love… that is what is waiting deep inside each of you. Jennifer Starlight
I rely on my network 2 keep me posted & hold me accountable, thx 4 doing both...BTW I also love the #arts & follow sports too
#RHOA #Kim could've really kept that show...cause I'm not here for it!
you're welcome. good luck today!
I hate ugly fat nosey women who stare at me
Recording the police is protected by 1st amendment. Glad we are not yet a police state. More than enough thuggery without that.
This is what we love to hear! RT : The new signage is working! Three applicants already!
lol that's how it be thooo
we should be verified on twitter Brad for as much time we are on here lol
I didn't find irreversible realistic enough to be disturbing. Only scene I've ever found disturbing was in boys don't cry
i am a southerner. And everything you say still boils down to an emblem from an act of treason in defense of slavery.
eXo Cloud Workspaces Previews Fully Scalable Enterprise Social Intranet - Review seeker (press release)
my nigga. Does Rare breed have one too? Lol
#FF to our new followers!
lmbo I see, look at here V plankin next to a bowl of Romans noodles.......
We love that! RT : Burrito beach for the second day in a row
my garden gloves & fingers have been contaminated with cactus needles. who plants cactus in their yard in PA!? Impossible to remove or weed.
I got bottles and ashes every where : Omg I need to clean my room
Next two weeks: weeks from hell. At least my birthday is on Sunday!
Had 2 switch twitters cuz I got in twitter jail on da other one...but its not 2 early..lol..u jus can't handle the heat
when can i see what you bought?
Perspective changes when the bridges have been burned, and no other option is left but to succeed!
THANK YOU! So excited :')
I see hash tags for #snowpocalypse2. Doesn't the term "apocalypse" preclude possibility of a sequel?
excited for you guys
you can't help being a geek. lol
Santos down 2-0 with 44 minutes gone in the second half. And tied it . Good by Tigres. Rayados vs Santos
haha. Ops. Sorry.
needa fresh start...
What happened to Bosh?
fuck you all. don't talk to me unless your Taylor. I'm sick of everyone being fake as fuck.
New Video: Friend decided to try waxing his chest to prove women overreact about the pain..... dont think he'll be doing it again anytime s
Happy 6 year anniversary !!! Cant believe we have been together that long!!!!!!!!
Give a man a fish, feed him for a day. Civically educate & it’s a like a buffet. Support civic education in Iraq
hi!! dang i feel like i havn't tweeted in foreva!! haha ;)
I'm depressed what u up to
hey dm me please
no problem! Please feel free to enter our contest!!
I feel like I need a shower after that movie...
I should really just rename my job "The papercut chronicles"
b/c you said youre suppose to follow random people lol
Internet as the most democratic (and cheap) media, says
Is it possible to have food poisoning 12 hours(or more) after you eat? Ate calamari for first time last night. I'm allergic to seafood.
you're hilarious. I just remembered...we were supposed to have a beer in November. Double jerk? Nah
Nice! RT : Watch for me on tonight at 5 or 6. Talking about tar spot on maple trees! Yeah!
Just realized I will be in night class while 's tour stop is less than one mile from my house. Really? <U+0CA0>_<U+0CA0>
It's time to call it a day & a very long day it was. Thank you, friends! Ciya @ 8pm, it'll be here before you know it. Goodnight!
I FEEL LIKE CUTTING ABITCH RN
We like to think it does. Thanks for the shout out.
California, San Diego wants changes to corrupt system here too! We support you!
2 returns from 1 sale; total # down by one. Have a feeling its going to take longer then I thought to get to triple digits.
YAY! Class of 2008 Alum here!
Lmfao alright, I'm on it!!
Hi Mark, you can support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season by using the pungle.me app!
Heading out to show some properties! Let's go
April is Autism Awareness month. To quote the great #Temple Grandin "Different NOT Less."
S/O to my bestfriend <----FOLLOW HIM NOW!
It's a liquor and poker night ;) those of you with minds in the gutter might think that's funny. for shame
Fact: Indiana stopped the negotiations to continue UK/IU series.
I spent this morning talking Talking Heads with Jonathan Lethem for an upcoming podcast. (Engineer: )
don't hit yourself lol
#thatawkwardmomentwhen ur car reeks alcohol the morning after and ur parents take a ride in it...
#PortraitsofPurpose gives us an understanding of the many people of Boston who have acted their conscience & made a difference
Preparing for our 2012 Jefferson-Jackson Dinner at the GA World Congress Center in
Yeahzaaaaa Go Caps!!!
Congrats! Archaeology and Landscape in the Mongolian Altai: An Atlas winner of A. for American Geographers Globe Book Award.
did you know that damon has a new girlfriend after rose?
why would I even ask a question like that he is the definition of gnarly!
Go to class!
The Pacers haven't been relevant since their starting lineup was Jackson,Miller, Mullin,Dale Davis, and Rik Smith.
Life is good! :)
whoa there pause for just one sec... Did really just tweet that <U+E410>
I saw it from the tv story
I was all 4 #fashionstar but Kara was clearly not it. She did not sell to all stores & she doesn't appeal to all 3 brands ... I'm done!
Happy #Easter weekend! Did you #egg hunt?
ikr!! I'm ready!! Ima be there until Sunday so include me in your plans!!
Hello Kareen, Thank you for following us!
I guess I was getting the silent treatment ;-) Enjoy the holiday weekend!
I'm Gone Do Something Big For Her
that moment when I love you to the moon & back <3
Feeling pretty good right now.
ha ha
Student trip to DC: “: Made Mr. Smith reference number one: "LOOK, LOOK ... The Capitol Dome!" #vvmsgov”
Find the lowest fares you can on expedia, then go to priceline & name your own price for $40-$50 less than that! Works for me!
finally off work tomorrow. woo hoo!
#Moderation is better than muscle, self-control better than political power. Proverbs 16:32
Good times with et al soaking in the knowgledge from
he showed me his lil dimples and next thing I know, that's what happened lol
Six pack by January. Watch me
Nikki lane is on now with Hugh & co. Backing her. Grab a cab and get over here!
Need to finish this year a
so wonderful catching up today! thank you so much! take care, and have a great holiday!
not anymore .____. I would loved to have played with you!
RT We often can't see what God is doing in our lives, but God sees the whole picture and His plan for us clearly.
can't wait for the #BELIEVE tour gonna be big!
Wow. Haha its fucked up that this all started with her telling me what to do about a person she dosnt even know.
Don't you have work? RT : just kicking it in Brooklyn
Outside of a series of late hits and pushes, I haven't seen much out of Burfict tonight.
Thanks for the golf RT!!!
Is it not winter??? Omg
Last night ESPN says "Opening Night" today "Opening Day" did the A's -M's Japan series even exist?Why bother even doing it
Two more days of work and then off to Croatia I go. Fa la la.
Phoenix on Saturday fly back on Sunday Show in Nashville on May 9th at Lucy's Dinner Getting ready for Key Largo Songwriters Festival
I see, look good
": The enemy is terrified at the thought of you actually doing what God has told you to do...so do it!"
Someone send a good method to consume all this information!!
I Feel Bad For Dense People!
Time to work!
#Tunisia expels #Syria ambassador in protest over #Assad crimes against the #Syrian people.
At the ER with one of the kids... Never a dull moment.
I think should chat with on #wwhl next season.
I tried babe!, honestly
R.I.P Trayvon Martin.Let us us not 4get our brother who was slain in another random senseless act of violence.I wish things were different.
Watching 's favorite movie: Chronicle Of A Circumcision
Im going to smash my head into a fucking wall #fuck #hatemylife # pleasehelpme
I love that FB sends me 4 emails about a wall post just before sending me an email telling me about sending less email.
RIP Gil Scott-Heron
I guess it's bad design/ui time on the webz. Still seething about google's evil and then twitter sends out a effed up mobile version.
The "Wave of Appreciation" is tonight from 5 - 7 pm, EST right? (:
I miss Gage M. But I also miss my hubby!! Oh oh oh, life is great!!
says place more bets to get breakthroughs! Failure rate of energy innovation is over 90%. We need to get 1000s of ideas $$
If Justin bieber came to my door telling me he brought me Proactive I'd probably punch him in the face.
happy birthday!!!! 4
Of course! What are you thinking?
what up?
#NATO protests...... keep it movin' chicitymycity
what it do
#Ossining parade traffic is the stuff of my nightmares right now. On days like this, I wish I had a SmartCar ... or a bicycle.
Thanks for following back! I'm looking forward to meeting with you next week!
That tweet is exactly y we luv u RT ": I ate a burrito. RT At noon today, a lot of us went walking."
For you, I'd deliver coffee and flowers. :)
Every day after work, I shed several layers of dried PVA from my hands and arms. That stuff is tenacious!
vino.. everyone likes a bottle of wine..even if they don't drink it, it's one less they have to buy when company comes over.
about 2 times out of 10, i think that 80/20 rule seems like complete bullshit.
im good x wbu
Wow i didn't realize they had one out lol
oh well thanks babe ;)
Going to get my passport tomorrow for Canada. :)
RT The sight of bins full of "personal watermelons" at my neighborhood grocery store makes me laugh. (I have the same reaction)
good morning :)
morning princess! Lmk about today<U+263A>
I was just reading about that. So, SO sad. Especially when it's right outside of a school.
its time to put some cuffs up on yo girl
Happy Friday everyone!
Prob b/c M-F had support of Dems (plural) RT : McCain-Feingold was touted by Democrats as "bipartisan" but Wyden-Ryan is not.
it was so good loved it too
FYI, we have had a "presence" in Somalia since 1989, Uganda since we launched Zaire/Taylor mission in '97...
Ladies want to give your boyfriend a free gift for the holidays. Just re-tweet and like the photo that you want to be sent over on Facebook!
Getting ready for tonights Bucks/Heat game at the BC, it's already crazy here, go Bucks!
Extra/unnecessary services or just overall price?
Yep I just put raw eggs in my hair ... Don't judge me lol
Crazy, Busy Morning! Finally get to relax and catch up!
yes! let's talk - email us at
okay !!x
Road trip complete!
Having dinner with my girl @ Henry's Puffy Tacos, drinking some Pina Coladas!!
I'm a fake account.
horrible boses on HBO (y)
is this in your basement??
That awkward moment when I'm at my friends house and their parents are yelling at them.
i miss all of the old disney shows.
It is dreary and drippy in Dallas! God gave me a great day to stay home and write. Bible study on the life of Moses coming soon!
thank you for the shout out, Bill!
Bridal Gala & Tea: Hotel Roanoke & Conference Center from 1-5pm hosted by Bride's House cc:
“: And when was that, he made it seem like it was way earlier bitch now my boo finna be mad”lmao
lol mvm im actually bitch but hardly
Going out to celebrate my best friend's birthday. It's going to get sloppy. Brace for drunk tweets.
seriously what happened to that, it was present seems like only yesterday
it's hard to. I'm also not sure what a "taco struggle" is -- eating too many, or too few?
Watching Big Time Concert at home. Thanks to 's season 1 vol.2
remeber that quote from for may 18th :)
The crew is not going to be the same without !
Jail is not the answer for drug addicted children.
Are you in Vancouver at ? Stop by and visit the IEM booth! We are located in the Exposition Hall at Booth
what is with me discovering things far AFTER everyone else... I was late to the myspace, facebook, twitter, tumblr and now foursquare lol
What's worse the pain of hard work or the pain of regret?
I say #Pinterest. No one cares about Google+.
stop being a twittering whore!! Love ya though!
- We should def hang out next weekend
i pretty sure all my sisters hate me #depressing :(
funny I bumped into her during #avn and she looked petrified to talk to me
thanks already had dinner ready, yours just looked better!!
Ended up Gettin 6th with that last entry in the monster 1k for 81. Biggest MTT score to date but you know how it is coming so close
Oh!! started following me. Haven't had the pleasure yet, but looking forward to the 1st experience!
. What else happened on Django besides some cast shuffling?
that book is wonderful I thank u Tyrese for writing this book ..its a great help for all walks of life!!!~
great now the whole world knows!
check my tweet! yo!
time to bathe :).
gotta get dressed start my day...
Enjoyed delicious quinoa burrito from truck, Foster & Sheridan, sat outside to eat. Outside. January 31. Chicago.
Dare I ask how many yrs?
“ Everytime i see your face, my heart smiles.”
I'm Great Thanks
RT : Success is the best woman i can ever ask for
not me. but i am ready to space out :)
Virginia Elite represented at the 2nd Annual Presidential Hoopfest
”I've eat there.”
BREAKING: Ovechkin's linemates all play for the Washington Capitals.
Bless You!
very good, but I have Lots of thinking and praying to do over the next few weeks.
so that explains how the other side score all those goals...
You are nothing but a pussy, me to my vagina.
Someone worth talking to talk to me, I'm bored.
No way, we got 420 likes dude
yeah NEVER going back to that city.
martin i sent you a text message not sure if you received it just wanted to wish vivianne a belated birthday.
I WANT MORE TATER CASSEROLE!!
it's so sad
Hey EPIC Tweeps, hope u r enjoying time off from school.. Take this opportunity to spend some time w Jesus.
Being sunburned or having an allergic reaction < itchy but but not hot?
We're going to need the defense to win this one....scary thought given how the season has gone so far.
we wont know about him till next week... but he BETTER WIN
#scclive This is an odd webinar. The guy from "Social Media Today" interrupting with questions/poll results does not help.
its been some ups and downs but no matter what my mama still had my back and i love her and think god for her happy mothers day mama
Just read that DCPL has a Special Collections Library. That's pretty awesome.
asked myself the same question. Talk about letting your guard down. This pattern is what concerns me come playoff time.
The backstaber does have A twitter account it is orecul321 and fb it is lucero guadalupe Gil
Wondering when I should get the swamp cooler going for the summer season.
Oh my word!
Man is it cold in here...
i get to see my boyfriend this weekend, and i'm stoked. so ya.
I'm a freak. I'm a weirdo. What the hell am I doing here? I don't belong here.
I hate chains (although I will eat there nonetheless). I love dives. Probably why I dig the so much.
for real?
yeah, that kinda crossed my mind too!
The worst days of those who Enjoy what they do are better than the Best days of those who don't" --Jim Rohn
gl, sincerely qu1etr00m.
She yelling god you would think that god was in it ,but its just a nigga god invented
Saw abduction yesterday it was good
haha you forgot ">:)" hoorayeeeeyay for evil planning!
RT : Early morning! Continuing my book tour on Already on my 3rd cup of coffee
Brand Affinity Technologies Secures New Financing Round Of $7.5 Million to ... - MarketWatch (press release)
the mom in Malin Alegria's new Border Town series is a very strong character!
Great brunch this morning. Salmon Benny's to die for. Renee's a lovely server.
Thanks for the RT hun xo
oh that is wonderful! Thank u!!! U should see the profile version of that painting, crazy different! It's his sister!
excited about advising an independent project on subcultural masculinities in hip hop and punk next fall term.
So hungry. Don't want to cook. What should we make/buy?
I had somewhat of a handle on life... but I think it broke!
#tech in #earlyed session room w221d/e happening now!!!! Awesome stuff
It's nice to meet you :)
It's Saturday! You know what THAT means! (hint: WEEKEND!)
ATL BECAUSE IM WATCHING IT RIGHT NOW LOL WEIRD
As a Buckeye and B1G fan, it pains me too.
Neither can your sister! I swear I saw Christian Bale the other day. It was from a distance but no yinzer is THAT attractive.
We did that once, then we never left....be careful.
Thanks for the RT how are you today?
AI.org says #eggallergy sufferers can get the flu shot in 2 parts: 10% of dosage, wait 30 mins, remainder is given if no symptoms present
Do I want Patrick Kane to get traded? No. Do I want him to make better life choices? Yes. A million times yes.
I get so damn trippy in my mind i go blank. You say no to drugs Juicy j cant. Aye bro thats forsure. Stop by before ber ...
congrats newest cheesehead! From a diehard packer fan, congrats and good luck this season! GOPACKGO!!!
RT : That was a real earthquake. The earth responding to #osu undefeated season.
My Hawaiian wedding countdown continues...60 days left as an unmarried woman!
too much too soon....Mike Tyson was just overwhelmed by the flood of success. his first wife and mother-in-law only made it worse
Albuminurophobia- Fear of kidney disease.
Talk about a good night :)
Follow Me??Please!!(Wait I'm Just A Normal Fan)PLEASE FOLLOW BACK!!
Scan of day's news reveals that Wild Turkey's tagline is 'Give em the Bird' Just might do that.
girl, I miss you too. We have to hang out soon!
The city is mine
I Knoww What Is That?
1 to 6 tonight mention this tweet and get an iced white mocha HALF OFF!
I wish, in Monroeville.
Positive attitude + strong network + unrelenting drive =
Art Pulse is having to make some very difficult decisions this week. Growth and pruning sometimes go hand in hand...
Tonight's photo editing #playlist - a mixture of , , and my good friend Work accomplished! :)
it aint the den
HAPPY HUMPDAY my Twitter pals.....I Love You Guys
Eli Manning is doing a great job on #SNL ;p :o
more big government, pandering and tax abuse. Same ol' same ol'
Coming from you, THE HUNGER GAMES is now my first "must see" this year. (My faves incl Brazil, Blade Runner, etc).
On the way to #iug2012. Tweetstorm approaching...you have been warned.
Let's make this happen!! “: I need more in my life”
WASSUP DEN BiTCH ((MY MAMA GON BE GON ALL WEEK)) ALL DiS WEEKEND ALL NEXT WEEK #PARTY GETTiN FUCKED UP<U+2665>:)
I'm here. I wish my luggage was.
Howard says there will be new validation tickets in January, old tickets will be taken out of circulation.
Sorry about that. The regular meetings are always on Thursdays, 1hr before openhack. Where did you see Tuesday listed?
#30waystomakehersmile..tell her she is beautiful, even with no makeup on (:
Whats up world! A New day to make it happen
RT : Correction: Study Abroad-Bursting the Bubble story: California Gov. Jerry Brown will lay out details of a revise......
What's Connor's favorite mountain or peak in #SSX?
you're welcome >;D aha
you are my favorite!
The Rangers Bringing in Feliz next inning is the equivalent to the Yankees pitching AJ tomorrow. A whole lot of hope for the other team
You are correct. Closest thing to great was the Hyundai spot.
See what I mean? ": you heard ir fri me"
Lmao yess i think your getting it from
I would have to agree - and I'd think that the people who watch it regularly have to be too!
Loves the feeling of gettin my teeth clean..dentist went rli well..at the mall with my mami =]
RT S/O too the Bitchs Who Dont Need a Weave To Make Them Who They Are
Probably a bit of both...you're big time!!
I'm a Utd fan but this is hilarious and true.
HI YER CUTE
I thank you guys for supporting our growth. There is much more to come!
#APtest in T-minus 4 days...
Steven Kotler is #extraordinary. Enjoy his humor and tales of his personal adventures as you learn to push your limits
OMGoodness, can't wait til my step-son #prom(May 23rd) &my lil sister #prom(June 6th)..I'm geeked up tA be a part of their days...all love!
n we gotta take a group pic so they can send it to da media
Take off the STAR TREK googles Levar!!
Only in America...
i get upset every time I see your profile photo. Put a shirt on man.
Moving? Want to do it in a greener way? Call us for a 10% discount on our eco-friendly moving boxes!
This is actually something I've been meaning to check out a bit.. have you seen any discussion of witter API limits?
Yes. Point is when Rs, i.e. Newt and Santorum, paint welfare recipients as only black and urban, it's inaccurate and misleading.
Got out of icy Seattle to get to ALA midwinter in Dallas. Getting inspired.
Anyone want to go to Meet the Breeds with me on Saturday? Your role? Keep me from coming home with a great dane.
Thanks! RT : you need to get some green chile in ya. Try
You know its not Rape if you like it bitch...
Sugar is the devil! But I miss it! I will slay ye beast! #whole30 (having some gnarly cravings, can you tell?)
car shopping online. buying another car this week! :/ this is stressful.
i was in high school
I'm guilty: 80% of smartphone users use them to help with shopping. What are the only 20% using for product reviews?!?
Not yet, but my husband used to live there. Can't wait to visit! The food is to die for, from what I understand.
Goodnight bby! (: Make my night & say it back <3 (:
Daily Dose of Goodness: "A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it." -Bob Hope
Solving other people's Excel problems is a low-level super power.
Or should I go to Youngstown?
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY
Happy Birthday
Centennial High Environmental Club & WPR are hosting a Paint Recycling Expo Feb 5th @ 9310 Old Scott RD Roswell, GA 1-5pm
you know I'll make the Seattle trip :)
You N Luscious
Aw hells yes! We got some drinking to do!
Q1 I like NYPL and BPL. The Queens website has those keyword explosions that I'm not so good with.
I don't think I say, the things I say for no reason.
O Wee i met a bad1., she a Show Stopper 2........Flexinn
Heading to to absorb the loss with some good drinks and food.
and why has no one called Taylor out when her comments were captured on film? You say she's sweet but I think she's sneaky!
you JUST texted me
I have Nilo on that day for Columbia, must have got mixed up. No worries you're good to go! Glad we figured that out now haha
Learning to be free.
thank you for the RT, you rock!
Bought Cubs tickets today for our minimoon!
How Businesses Are Using Twitter - The Current State of the Twittersphere
SWEAR! Her n KK strong I couldn't do it!
I sure hope Brian Long appreciates this.
we ended up with pumpkin bread. pretty good stuff, especially slathered in butter.
I always forget to plug my computer in when it warms me, but when it dies shit goes down.
he reminds me of !!
Being with you, its like being alone. Hey, it's like being stoned.
yea you should try it one day. tell me how you like it.
i love you on House of Payne :)
Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For the kingdom, the power and the glory are yours. Now and for ever. Amen.
Better QB in the next 2 years, Rodgers,Cutler or Rivers? I'll take Rodgers. More weapons to work with!!
the science desk has top five most viewed stories on npr.org...im in the mood to brag..
"This place isn't When Harry Met Sally it's When Harry Met Salmonella" -Max The Best Episode Yet!
it's cinqo de mayo, I guess I should join a frat and drink enough tequila to act like a total jackass.
the world would be a better place if we had more costume #events :) Isn't Halfway to Halloween coming up soon?
This is really close. Bumgarner and Cain canled each other out. The rest of the deal depends on need..I'd lean towards doing it.
Hey *if* I was affected? Great comprehension skills. Do you code with that mind too?
I'm sure MLK's dream was for one day out of the year we celebrate his legacy with an extra 10% off at Sears
I need a spa day. Like a FULL day. Going from treatment to relaxing, rejuvenating treatment.
A twinkie for every hour of gardening! Or just dangle a twinkie on a stick in front of me. Hehehe.
How many jobs did #Flipper really create?
street rat
Okay write-up. I simply found out your blog site and wished to say I've truly liked reading your opinions.
Sometimes, people put up walls. Not to keep others out, But to see who cares enough to #Break em
why you unfollow me? :(
I need a crib a big estate, I need a boat and it needs a lake, I need some salmon and that need a plate, that need a chef so I feed my safe
Better #Golf Thru #Hypnotism? - 2 couples play golf together regularly @ their club, & on the... Read punch line @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
Hello, how are you doing? ^_^
Listening to people talk about the mcat and dat. Seriously makes me want to throw up.
you at TALL MAN?
come back!
Can someone please make a decision regarding Titty Glitter Mondays?
I know it is not yet the 14th, but god do I hate Valentine's Day
This is only the beginning...
Haha, stupid large fingers on an iphone leaves for many typos
you have a port?
thank you! I need it lol
And yeah, I used Paypal for it
Looking to host a birthday party in DC. Any recommendations for a bar / restaurant with a private room for about 30 ppl? Something low-key.
You're such a great inspiration.
1080p makes a difference doesn't it?
Day after elections always busy on
Go Raji! Super Bowl fever getting warmer #gopackgo Another free shot!
Dude with light up wheels on his wheelchair was g as fuck
This footage is from 1965
Just got word, big surprise at Dell VIP event!
happy birthday to one of the greatest point guards of all time
#ice12 Enjoying "Digital Portfolios for Primary Grades"
thanks! She's doing much better.
Is #Mitt on the wrong side of the marriage issue? Yes, he should be open minded since his father had many wives. DONT YA THINK?
Scientists from u of minn and washington u are working on human conectom- to chart brain major connections
"Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life." ~B. Auerbach (What music is taking your dust off?)
Randomly up at 2 for no reason..still half asleep yet online XD...lol
Congrats to the Saint John Sea Dogs!
I just finished it. It was wonderful!!
time to go back to work...
Time is really the only capital that any human being has and the thing that he can least afford to waste or lose. Thomas Edison
If you can't respect my grind then keep it pushing !
Nervous yet, ? Go big ten. :)
Sleepy time for my little bear
We gon see about this playboy.
If today had a face I would stab it's eye's
going to go gym this thursday. time for me to exercise at last :)
The thousand autumns of Jacob de Zoet / David Mitchell
Having an amazing night <U+263A>
If someone really loves you, they wouldn't let you slip away no matter how hard the situation is
whichever sounds the least like your current one lol
I'm wondering who cud fall for something like this. I'm thinking... Why would sum1give you money that belongs to me& not give it 2 me. Smh
gotta love katie she's seriously amazing
#Humpday already? I'll take it! And that's what you should say every time you hear about $1 #Bartab drinks!! Why pay for over priced drinks?
#positivityproject waking up to my two cats curled at my feet in the morning
i can relate to sleeping with sirens lyrics! C: thats why i freakin love them!! and kellin"s voice is oh so cute C: <3
Have fun finding that RT : I can pick up thor's sword...
If you settle for less you always be lees.
That amazing moment when you type your homework on google and you found EXACTLY what you need.
Basketball Is Dope Af Bruh. Thats My Fav Sport. Im Ready To Play My Sophomore Year. Imma Be Killin That Shit Like Goku Bro.
was that you who said hey to me? lol
just finished a week of focusing my mind,body and soul.
today he was a beast
what u up 2 this weekend. thers a strawberry festival at peddlers viallge wanna go w me?
baby steps toward success: at meeting on unrelated topic, prof gave props to our IR and suggested more faculty need to get their stuff there
I dont know whats more awkward, answering Dora, or sitting in silence while she stares at you...
Tonight the only place to bring in 2012 is at the club voted #1 Best Dance Club & #1 Best New Club!! The party is on tonight !
Jessica just be honest it was about us everyone knows it. just tell me and I won't be mad about it
There was an Angels no-hitter thrown the day I was born. Mike Witt on September 30, 1984
Thats crazy! , what's the deal? Juke, Juke, Juke!!! It's only the coolest car on the road!
While there's #nosuchthingasafreelunch we sure are getting close! Check out our new #deals every week!
If it's on the internet its gotta be true.
Chat Leftovers: Pie problems - Washington Post (blog)
Opening day always reminds me of one thing - I wish I still collected baseball cards. Nothing will top the '87 Topps set - great look.
lol pretty much buh text me doe,
I'm trying to get a lil vacation going! I'll text you later about it more. I just wnted the thought to brew in your head lol
Camel caretaker...
WSOP Main. Sigh. Always interesting to look at the numbers. Chances of me losing all 4 out of 5 all-in pots I plyd? 0.6%. Yep! Pretty sick.
Big Announcement: #Sprint chooses Boxwire for employee feedback! Welcome and thanks for joining Boxwire! Its a big day!
Happy 19th Birthday :')
Happy Holidays, #LasVegas!
I do love wedding shows, but I still don't get David Tutera-he's better than Barbara Walters at getting the tears...
good night & god bless may many blessings come your way always to u & ur loved ones ;)
I bet you will black out and tweet it
Ohana is getting a lot of mentions in my question about favorite Belltown Seattle Happy Hour. Gotta go check that one out.
Do you have a good showing for embroidered socks and cardigans, too?
I wanna hit des clubs up tonight to doe
#BOYFRIENDReview So many boys used to hate you at school but after #boyfriend everything changed
Yoo what's up wit ya phone?
Home is Mumford & Sons best IMHO
Thanks for the coverage, Rudi. We'll be out in Missouri this fall! So much to explore there.
Your not being honest if your a guy and say miley cyrus is gross. No, she's bomb as fuck.
Having a blast planning and I's #NODAC12 adventure! Cannot wait!
Saw #TheAvengers on Monday and I am still on #cloud9 #mustseeitagain #ASAP!!!
Exactly how smart is your smart phone?
Aha!! Even funnier!! I could see you asking that and him responding with a blank face.
Text me text me
Interested in learning more about us and our event? Check out our stellar website www.wildcanyongames.org or DM me with any questions!
do you think Patients should be in control of rating 'patient satisfaction' in hospitals?
read your story, good beginning... hope you can make it different than the other classic best friend stories out there....
Libraries are like Blockbuster Video Stores for Nerds - e.e. cummings
I Love You Foo(:<
"Even if it dont work out, I'd still be happy i was yours for a little while."<3(:
Do Mormons have sex before they're married? Because I don't want a filthy presidential nomination, Mitt.
You want me to be there for you!!! You don't come! You want me to be your friend!! You don't make up your mind!!!!
SOMEONE HAS NOT MET THE HEAVEN OF ASIAN SNACKS YET HUH? I GOT DIS!
WHOA.They said they had something to send and I told them to send to Pastor Rohm.
Area 61/62/63 met today and set the budget.
Winding up your shopping? We are over the green bridge and across the street from the "chain" at the Crossing. Stop by!
just finished Michael Clayton. Was trying to relax after late work night. didn't work. note to self: thrillers aren't relaxing.
thanks for the support Tim!
hell ya! Now we can motivate each other :) haha
SHE FUCCIN DE CREW!!!!
"...life is a goal and to live is to achieve goals" says Robert. Check out his great blog at blog.IamINC.biz!
Ugh, don't miss those nights! ...yes I do :(
If you didn't get a chance to stop by this past weekend, no worries. Hit us for our Kimchi Bowl lunch today!
Allegros got a perfect on group one sight reading!
“: Watching my Milwaukee Brewers:) ” is better live! Come visit soon.
what are reviewer requirements? I'm a public librarian w electronic collection dev responsibilities and also an English major.
And so the perpetual #Cascadian mist has settled over the city.
thanks for the shout out! Glad to help, if even a little : ) CC:
I love my life <3
Morning Sj keep us posted on new work! lets collab soon | #modelfolios #videofolios |
you punk
With ALL due respect, Akon's mother is a gorgeous woman.
I agree with all if thee above!! I can't wait! And we'll do awesome pictures!:)
Getting ready for a relaxing weekend. Definitely going to see Inglorious Basterds at some point.
" talkin permanent....for temporary " problem is that actually makes sense to me.
Lord, Thank you for another day of your Favor; for opening doors, not even the enemy can shut. #Amen"
I'll pick you up when you're down, be there when no one's around. When you're in unfamiliar places, count on me through life's changes. <3
Hi Harrison , feel free to connect w/ happy customers &
you don't fix it from the app...you log into the full webpage and change the password from there.
I'm sorry, don't know how I never see this until now. :-/ You can always contact us at
which day are you going?
Ckb gets a lighting design nod for #woollyboise. Yea!
I try my best to let shit go...
Want some Subway right now addicted to it buts its good for u. Up early today catching up on some MTV A.M. videos an ESPN
My moufff still hurts.
Well time for me to hit the sheets good night my loves blessed dreams!
You'll definitely be hearing from us!
The boys don't even run in my room first thing in the morning anymore, they run out and grab their gameboys
Yes! june 2, i cant even wait! we're planning a flashmob infront of the venue for the boys as well :)
Do some Spring cleaning! Get rid of all that extra stuff today! List it in your local online Market Place on www.servicebox.com!!...
Some of them want to use you Some of them want to get used by you Some of them want to abuse Some of them want to be abused
u truly have an awesome site! I look forward to making use of it. I hope my site will be as successful someday soon. Sourcical.com
I also want to take a mount to point out that now tweets more than
I think I don't want that 1 anymore lol "MsTatted" or "SoJuicy"??
I direct messaged you all the usernames & password info
Who ever decided DJ AM was good? And why the hell is devoting an entire weekend to his shitty, non-dance mixes?
Thanks for the follow I will look for you in DC next weekend I'll be there Sat - Mon
Catching up on The Good Wife and Mad Men after an incredible day today! LA is just full of interesting people! I love it!
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous. -- Coco Chanel.
Thanks so much and thanks for joining us in the session today!
You are a great organization! Thanks for following us!
Next weekend better not go by so fast
Yall look like twins
I am (: please follow me or rt me! (;
I am starting to unfollowing all the people that follow me then UNFOLLOW me after I follow them!
on the corner of 6th and walnut.
good. Cause I wanted to like go over to her house. Then we could walk to your house and hopefully meet Ethan. c:
Then i will follow to get the latest news.
About 220 in attendance of this inaugural event. Great turn-out!
we'll race ya...hope you packed some short sleeves!
Oct 14th I'm calling it
Category 19-D winner is also Ted Bronson
Molly am I in?
Hey, I'm doing that too!
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise
true friends cry together,fight together,always there 4 each other,walk through parts of unwanted together that's how true friends operate
RT : #Julia could you please show govt ID when you do everything but vote...
#NowFollowing he is handsome ;)
The only set back is the distance Abby, it doesn't matter that you're a girl :)
Just did some jiu jitsu/kickboxing with my DH to get going this morning? What do you do for activity to charge you up for the day?
So excited for World Of Dance! Gonna be a dope show!!! Who's going?! :) come hang out with us if u'll be there!
I have the best friends ever... My heart is bursting from love!!
don't worry..this guy >>> could care less bout Broncos. #teblowing made me want to vomit! Bronco's fans r soft!
watching face off now. Love this show. Your future husband is HAWT btw
go away you hater...
Still need a job or internship for this summer? Check out for more information!
wkend has been grt! - took a walk thru central park & visited the Guggenheim with hubby, walked the whole way! You?
I wish I would learn my lesson about that
Looking forward to doing the hustle on tonight!
Oh he was/is swerving all over the place. Thought he was drink until I saw her sit back up.
looking foward to this test in my biology class getting ready fo class shi my ankle hurts
Know an awesome Interactive Creative person who needs a raise? Creative Group has several positions I'd like to interview you or your frien…
RT if you are looking forward to #NZWineDay on February 5th at Kenmore Live Studio! Mark your calendars.
twitter party, leggo
80F and sunny "in my region". I love LA.
..." When two join as one... They have each others back! Pray together to stay together. "
Don't worry brother, I think the show "Thunder From Down Under" here might be recruiting.
“: Domonique Foxworth has been unanimously elected as President of the NFLPA by the Board of Player Representatives.” >> Good man!
TRICK QUESTION. Nothing is better than pizza.
From Rodriguez on, that game was electric.
...but you do
Pls don't base your opinion of STL on crowd at the funny bone.U need to go to a monster truck rally to know my people.Libbie:)
Never fake who you are. Someone will like you for being yourself.
Beer sommeliers pair spicy food with citrusy beers, rye beers with roasted meats and smoked dishes with light lager. Texture, spice matter.
I'm always here just a tweet away <3
“: says "Fish do church in water."”
Boston is airing right now! Watch as he explores the diverse food scene most people overlook in MA!
have fun!
Thanks for making Adam West's star shine on the Hollywood Walk of Fame! Tenacity & Devotion for the love of Batman
Thanks so much for the follow! Enjoy your day! :)
Good luck in getting tickets!
its a rough life.
so it's over yea were through so I'll unfriend you your the best liar ever knew so ima unfriend you
This morning I woke thinking of my friend. She found out last week her guide dog has cancer
Firehook Bakery & Coffee House is a place to enjoy life and all the delicious foods it has to offer!
When the #Raiders win
where do you watch him pitch at?
Is anyone going to the concert August 4th in Orlando?
Seriously where the fuck is are team, the #benchmob is meant to keep us in the game not win it!!
The Passion of the Christ is on Netflix. Hell to the yeah!
Jessica Wiza, our camp assistant this summer, will be live blogging throughout the camp this year! Be sure to follow us for updates!
That's fantastic! is such a great program. We're proud to have been recognized in 2008.
Less than 1 hour till tip.....nervous/butterflies!!! Lets get #8!!!
The contrast between these trailers for Disney's "Brave is quite interesting (HT
is looking for a few good #startup advisors to be the training wheels for #NYC 's dream makers.
I'm not convinced that's the real jose. The writing isn't the same
can anything on MTV be good?
Flips practice was awesome! Love those babes! Now- time to get dolled up for Eva Grub @ Koshanski's Concertina Bar!!
ZOMG. The Rangers have tied it up with 6 seconds left in the game. We're going to OT.
RT : excited for this morning's live reports from preps with ! Hope you join us starting at 7 AM!
Rumor has it that is going to kick me down some Apple stock as a late birthday present! hahaha
you're welcome :)
have a great trip!
Sometimes you wake up at one PM and you're out of bread and you just don't know what you're doing with your life
Drinking our dark roast at the moment... "L'amerloque" -- our American "almost" French Roast!
They'll need to get there by the end of the sixth inning at least.
goodnight love u
lol right. I'm just giving you a hard time.
Ready for a glass of wine...
Thomas Robinson eating Perry Jones' lunch
Wow -- great stuff showing up on our "free" table -- Julia is making sure it's looking good.
just w.e. I think it's just a meeting
I really thought that once you graduate one has better things to do then read the BSA list and reply
Forgive but never forget
Dear RDA enablers: There isn't a "better", "right" or "proper" way to do #redevelopment agencies. RDAs are inherently & fundamentally scams.
Anyone prank their friends yet??
Having difficulty retrieving much needed footage to begin editing my doc, the files do not show up when I try to import, any help?
Tasty ugly MODS should be hard to find! (Shoulda said SHOULDN'T) Sigh ...
Work nearby? Impromptu project meetings? We’ve got you covered. Call in a big order and we’ll deliver it.
Make that "Ms. Cole."
During a Cubs broadcast, the late Harry Caray said: "There's Marla Collins & she's not wearing her shorts today." Do you remember?
It's storming out?
have found packing-beast to be quite a formidable foe...if only I could compress (or zip???) all my belongings and digitally ship them.
My phone may have died...permanently. Please email or FB message me if you need to contact me.
I knew I should try & live in this moment as long as possible.There was nothing to lose & everything to gain by being as present as possible
well you trying to go within the next two weeks?
I dunno maybe. Timing is bad though n folks typically camp out for their warehouse sales. Not trying to do that.
Excited for my parents' arrival tonight. Gonna be a crazy fun 10 days!
Happy #EarthDay and #FF to my peeps:
@ ashleyvaga1 Your link got cut off!!! Can you resend it I want to check out your photos... Thanks!
I am a twitter demon!!!!1 :P ...for all u bitches out there ...fuck u !!!
he looks pretty hydrated to me my nigga,
Dear NESN/FSN: not everyone has a 16:9 screen. Letterbox your your SD feeds please. I don't want to watch 2/3 of a game.
okay now I'm definitely watching that movie tonight
RT : ACRLog is looking for a few good bloggers! Join the team and share your insights on libraries and higher education....
We'll be playing SXSW this year with a slew of good bands. Come see us March 17th at the Gypsy Lounge if'n you're down that way.
Thanks a lot! I appreciate it.
Thanks for the BlogWorld RT! Are you planning to attend next year?
Looking for a witty name for my wifi network. Suggestions?
It's really amazing how one song can change your mood, thoughts and emotions.
Dr. Maurice Watson of Macon, GA will explore Tuesday – Day of Teaching.
what did you focus on during your workout? What is sore?
I doubt it. He also ended dont ask dont tell.
my android is craving #instagram. It's almost here!
my 140 character limit can not get anywhere close to what you mean to me. I Love You. <U+2764><U+0001F493><U+2764>
NA I'm not up for the challenge ^__^
RETWEET IF YOU LOVE
A Provost statement on #DH and P&T like the CIC Provost statement on #OA? Pros and cons being weighed.
“: if shes dressed head to toe in coach...shes probably a bitch. #justsayin” Bahahahahaha
U running too???
in my room, but there's six pictures left. Gonna take it in tomorrow
I spin around in my spinny chair for like twenty minutes at a time when I'm done it feels like I'm really high on weed hahaha
Angry Words You Don’t Hear Anymore…” I Shall Thrash You Mightily.”
How many clunkers are there in America? If they were traded in before all this, then GM would still be in business & not need a bailout.
If the goverment shut down the internet today, would u still have something to do?
Don't overall superficial things and neglect what's really important
We should totally do the eyes thing.
Failure to experience is a failure to learn.
Thanks your awesome! Do you have a facebook page we can like?
Hey Phil! I like ur face, will u marry me?
nothing new what about u ?
not a place for protest.
I can see how this makes life easier for adults!
I love LA. I really do. I'm a die-hard NYer, but I love LA.
8 Mile is such a good movie
My grandma also has fake boobs...
can you do us a huge favor and RT this. we want to try to get our name out there. we are hug whores too so HUGS FOR EVERYBODY <3
NP ;) RT Thank you to for yummy delivery breakfast!
what great timing! Can't wait to have you and your daughter out!
Just purchased a new camera, Canon Rebel! Now I just have to learn how to use it...
RT Use, do not abuse; nether abstinence nor excess ever renders man happy.
trust me, it only gets worse. But I do think it gets funnier too :)
#ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf Whatever this is.. or make something out of it
Hammoudeh on crude oil at $120/barrel: "~0.5 percent will be cut from economic growth in the first year of a budding economic recovery."
Who had the bright idea to hold #ALA10 in a 100 degree swamp? Librarians don't keep well in the heat. Cardigans will spontaneously combust.
is waiting for 's concession text but it's not over yet!
not u, Nic - 100 percent terrible ref calls.
Throwing money in the air like I don't really care... yeah, standing on the chair like I don't really care
syquest disc! wow. i think i still have one of those with my old band's first album artwork on it. in pagemaker, i think.
ikr! Its been way to long
I would definitely recommend it. It's one of 's favorite books of all time.
obviously "morning". :)
As a first principle, all decided or strong odors are in bad taste. (1850)
could not sleep at all and now I'm awake at 6am. on the bright side..after numerous cups of coffee I can get a lot done today!
Getn dressed headn to see my babies
thank you so much!!
R Kelly's "I believe I can fly" is the most obnoxious song. But "trapped in the closet" is the BEST movie EVER. :p
Ain't got nothin' on me.
Cuz I'm not livetweeting from my old fashioned cell phone. Jeez.
I believe people's true thoughts and feelings come out when they are angry....because they tend to think without speaking
WOW the youtube awards, send me a link
Video is uploading now! I have special video for you guys today! Two in one day!
My server brewed fresh Bourbon Pecan coffee just for me...and him... that is LOVE :) thank you
that was yesterday. they won 6-5 today.
$17 Million is a lot of cash. Woo hoo! RT : Congrats, !
be a whole lotta love out here for you guys... take a big deep breath and have some fun now with that good stuff you do
Tease. How'd it turn out? That piece has been years in the making.
Halfway into ep2 of Analyze and it's like falling in love w/the band all over again. Regardless of what says.
If you live in Milwaukee or Chicago, you should try to check out Charles Bradley in concert this weekend. Amazing show.
Anarchists? Not outsiders. Occupiers from other cities? Not outsiders. Your major donors? OK, outsiders.
ya kno I was up at 8 and had some coffee packed up my shit and said hey WWAED (what would aunt Elena do) so I curled the hair
BEST WISHES TO: : "Tomorrow's the day!! All of NJ is gonna see a #shirtless Fabio soon!! Lmao”
Don't let your mouth overload your ass
The feeling u get when u DECIDE to make it a great day no matter what is amazing!!
. I'm laying on the floor...........now you know damn well that you don't give a shit.
Good Morning... Happy Thurday. :)
Its Friday! Sun is shining, roads are dry, winds are high… 2 out of 3 ain't bad, so get on your bike!
I'm calling it right now... is going to kick ass!! So proud of my man ! Just left the set... this show is gonna be
my pleasure :)
IU baby!!! Another upset win!!!
Students must genuinely care about the work in school if we expect to get worthwhile results.
YAY! Great to see you here Janis! YAY for Mary Kay!
Happy Friday the 13th, make it a good one everybody
Thank you very much !!!
How is this work day not over?
pm The system we are developing to support #engaging #curriculum is #parent centric. Happy to help if we can
what's up next week?? In Baltimore thurs. and D.C. friday
I am now the proud owner of a new car. Don't want to have to go through that experience again anytime soon.
I guess that depends on what kind of stuff goes on in this freaky factory.
Deaf, dumb and blind. "Pride"
OMFG This weeks show is gonna be awesome! Too bad we're only tweeting to 8 of you. Tom's pet chinchilla has more followers than that.
Did you not watch LSU vs Alabama?
Need someone to text... Any takers?
wtf u got a hang over @ yo job shame shame April
Yea. This entire family has been
that text you get from your boyfriend threatening to break up with u..... #bouttocry #depressedtweet <U+0001F494><U+0001F494><U+0001F494><U+0001F494><U+0001F494><U+0001F494><U+0001F622><U+0001F62D><U+0001F633><U+0001F61E>
What geek movie would you like to watch on our next movie night?
we're proud of you ladies and what you are all about. Glad we could be involved! See you very soon :)
miss you as well. <3
good luck! You can do it! Give it all you got! Random words of encouragement!
Oh my, sounds nice! What's the rule?
In times square....sparkley.
Where the fuck are you? Why can't I get a hold of you? This is so crazy insane. I'm worried to shit.
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYCASSIE wish you the best.
five boys* sorry, im drunk.
Zooey Deschanel to play Loretta Lynn on Broadway. I have to be a part of this. I MUST!!
congrats DC Assault champions this weekend ...12s..15s..16s..17s!!!Stay Focused!
“: That son of a bitch moment when you're walking around the house with socks on and step on a random wet spot...”<U+0001F620><U+0001F621><U+0001F494>
I'm on skype! I'm at a luncheon but Skype away
"The emotions are sometimes so strong that I work without knowing it. The strokes come like speech."[Vincent van Gogh]
Ha! I try to keep it simple, being baking challenged and all.
Looking forward to hearing about your
Suzie so freakin messy.... ugh *throws rocks*
Home Sweet Home!! Niagara Falls is AMAZING! So beautiful! Had perfect weather all week!
Honored to be at 's Annual Conference, celebrating 27 million alumni of Head Start!
radar app is radar scope, worth every penny and then some!
#Oomf Owes Me Some Head
And so it begins... A great day for watching football
Easter candy is not vegan.
What is the polite way to tell someone that every time they talk to you, it feels like they're carjacking your time?
Hello to our newest follower Have a great day
I wish I had Spike Lee's home address to tell everyone in the Mid-West so they can send him "mail"
still want that motorcycle?
#PopularInThe90s The painful tumult of adolescence and also slap bracelets!!!
No more drinking before a show for me, or in general for a while. Todays Day 2 of my new workout and liquor just does not help at all.
You never gave me your number. :( btw diss girl got some major CollinsCold<3
- cold out there on the lakefront? or was it alright? this girl really misses running, my treadmill is getting dusty.
Cool ! I also posted to the LinkedIn BC Entrepreneur group & should take a look at too
says more about their callers than the fans!
Every time I listen to Ruth, it makes me get all emotional she's incredible
The real her
Oh so yours is May 6???
He entertains EVERY day -
YES!! im trying to get a cody simpson t-shirt online(:
I want to thank the people of Egypt who risked their lives to making the world a better world.
Bike brakes fixed at Ciclo Urbano in Humboldt Park. Good service, fast, cheap, super nice and knowledgeable. Thanx for the rec !
Each of us is here to discover our true selves; that essentially we are spiritual beings who have taken manifestation in physical form.
RT : I LOVE MY TEAM Jamaal Franklin & AW
#slaname AskPro: it sounds like a slash & burn start-up based on a lame search engine. There must be something else in the English language.
- He was an ass to everyone else, because they were horrible to him. Why would he ever be nice to some of those people?
Imma get the power ranger helmet design on each nail !
One of Boston's best days of the year today with the #marathon and #redsox! I loved running as a #bandit in '99. Stay hydrated runners!
You guys were rad tonight. CA love!
#Itshardwhen you have to watch someone you love, with #braincancer, slowly die a little bit more every day.
Avocados are ripe when they're dark green & give just a little when you press. Fruit in general is ripe when it gives little.
You know you've learned to control your anger when you overhear two people talking about how much they hate Radiohead and not interject.
The Boss's new record Wrecking Ball is amazing
i've got two numbers for you! area code 512 or 973? :)
let's help james get to 600k followers then maybe he'll follow us(:
Seasons Greetings you all. H & A will be spending the week in Portland, ME for private coaching sessions.
Did you know $1 from each Trans-Siberian Orchestra ticket sold is donated to Second Harvest Food Bank?
And... I'm officially crying over Love him.
Can't believe Delmon Young only got 7 games for hate crime. What if it was white on black or black on white? John rocker got 28 games.
must be in a good mood. wasn't until the guitar solo that I realized I was singing along to 'Beat It' at full volume with the windows down.
You can see this #pubcampwest discussion live at pubcamp.tumblr.com. Current topic: election coverage.
Lets do it! lol
I have five BBQS to hit today, the J.Periiod show tomorrow and Coney Island Wednesday. who says there aint shit todo?
Happy Birthday!! :D
RT : #bhlib added 2 new US partners: US Geological survey & Cornell University! Welcome to the family!
Can you recommend a good pair of running shoes for wide feet?
Yes it is! I could be doing so many productive things right now including sleep but #Glee is very distracting right now. :)
I do believe in the light.
most people are pansies
Surely that's not about me. SURELY!
What, already? I thought it wasn't until, like, Thursday...
We're gonna ice skate our way to tonight! Better see some ass beaten hockey fights with some blood! Who else is goin?
Just wait until we drop Avaritia, seriously...
I know, too legit. But he's supposed to be home soon...and that was at, 535. Damn.
It is a great photo. Only a few miles from my home.
it was great. His memoir may be theo next book on my list!
Rock it! // RT : I'm totally wearing my Left Behind t-shirt with the kilt tonight.
RT : #QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Q:Really!! All 3 of your boys have #Autism A: yes followed by Q: Wow, how do you manage it all?
I'm a tough act to swallow. I love how you randomly pimp me out.
Gotta whole headache
hahahaha yes I know! Some people these days....
That might be a recessive gene from you and your wife. LOL
Too late. Besides she's "traditional", and I'd be hung out to dry otherwise ;-)
A real man doesn't love a million girls, he loves one girl in million ways.
why? U are one on the radio also
yea i know )x meh. i'm just trying to find you. I'm sleepy so ima go to sleep ): sorry! Goodnight bye <3 ttyl tomorrow!
With my girls tonight and Party on!
today is the final and the obvious
So who's ready for us to put out this EP?!
Papaya King has opened in L.A. When to go? When to go?
Kamala electrifies crowd!
Sure way of getting sick at breakfast is to watch power of financial/bank system in Spain: the true government. Disgusting.
House Rules quickly passes rule for the CR. Rule debate should begin on House floor soon
day raged yesterday = feeling like shit today
LOVE finding money in my pocket
Isweat money nd de bank is ma shower!
Christmas is one week away! What are you #reading this week? Some Jan Brett? Perhaps a bit of Chris Van Allsburg?
The trouble with talking too fast is you may say something you haven't thought of yet.
Thank you for choosing to follow me!
Orlando offically done 4 game sweep
Hm....not a bad idea. I might skip the artichoke though. Spinach bacon dip in a bread bowl. Maybe no bread either.
"The Lord is gracious, and full of compassion, slow to anger, and of great mercy." NIV Psalm 145:8
Some1 asked me if I thought they were good enough. I told them you ALWAYS know you are good enough when bullies show up.
it's because of that MTV true life show last night
next year for sure though! And check out SageCoach! It's a country fest in Cali
What a great day of classes! And in just 2 days we go from arctic to tropic-like weather. Enjoy the weekend.
RBP 4. 4.5 billion years from now the Milky Way Galaxy will collide with the Andromeda Galaxy.
Live TV has long been the favorite source of video for most Americans. But with the advent of VOD, DVRs, OTT and mobile TV, today's typical…
Sherry shepherd rockin the host position! I LOVE JESUS!
Happy Monday!!! Hope everyone has a beautiful week!
Hey man, oil is expensive. RT Dead bodies to be burned to heat UK swimming pool...
Ha! I'm so out of fashion (and semi-fashion) that I had to look that one up. Now if it were REI or North Face...
Stop tweeting about
“: Idc who you are, if you talk about my mom; You will get dropped.”
Really needed to study a little bit but oh well!
Thanks, for voting for us for #mc2012, we appreciate it!
thank you for live tweeting the trial!
if u say so -__-
yea!! Did you read my tweet before that tweet? If not go look & you'll understand :) haha
SUMBODY COM GET MUH CUP A KOOL AID I CAN'T SPILL THAT SHIT THAT SHIT IS GOOD
Fuck you San francisco!!stop calling time out,just face the fact you're ass gonna get beat!!!
watching golf all weekend
Right now I have not found a girl friend who I love . . . #Be patient, Chris. surely someday there will be a girl who loves you.
supp! Im back
Oh, hooray. They are drilling into the concrete walls next to my office.
That cortado was the one
Evangelizing #dctech in Manhattan
A busy week in #Fishers. Lot's of good things happening!
that turtle will never forget us! we're the best people ever!
You might want to follow #edapp and #iear for educational apps if you don't already.
#myholidaystyle is much like my style the rest of the year. Dark, well tailored, and reaking with artistry.
"Oh my goodness there's water in my water! That's disgusting!" lol #chemistry with Mr. Heaston
don't think I caught the interview. Link? Would love to meet up & talk payments. Will shoot you an email to coordinate.
Working for College Works Painting. Anyone looking for any outside painting work - direct message me your name and #! Free estimates!
happy #followback friday
In a boring ass assembly
You're right! Too funny!
Kudos to the BLS PPI folks. They're responsive, knowledgeable, and eager to help. Go Feds!
Ah, the joys of algorithms proofing the news...
Anymore shoutouts for the podcast?
I got my Top 1000 badge for the 2nd year in a row. Yay!
This weekend is a marathon session of editing! Today the goal is to LOCK reel one, which is scenes 1 through 30. So far it's lookin' good!
My cat just killed and ate his second moth of the day. #mothpocalypse descends upon
#WebGreekTip - Tasks are now displayed in your calendar on their due date! Go to you Lists App: View > Tasks to create a new task!
Glorify God, the rest will come naturally.
These dudes toe nails next to me at the nail salon look like claws wth. I have to stop staring
u have inspired alot of music
Planning to go grab lunch at Phoenicia for lunch today. Anyone want to join me?
Kim Kardashian is reportedly thinking about running for MAYOR of Glendale, CA. I'm now convinced we live in an alternate universe.
I want to be a professional twitterer, anybody hiring? VP of Tweets? Anybody?
Enjoy your dinner!! :D RT : were at monicals now.
glass cloud. Fuck yes.
of course you would.
May lodging in Hub most expensive in nation
Lost my voice. Thats probably the worst possible thing that could happen at this point
I am finally home after being away from civilization! :)
Special unit enroute to get bavarian creme donuts and bear claws for our SWAT buddies who've been in a standoff all damn day.
gotta get my stretch on for 2morrow..its bout to go down..WUTANG'S IN TOWN..suuuuuuuuuuu
DONE! ur right, it WAS fun. : FUN GAME:Think of who u always need to take the least resistance&then cut 'em out of ur life
How did I miss that class????
Aww thank you! I appreciate it. :) Thanks for staying with me!
Okey-do, thanks!
I <3 r grilled turkey on whole wheat w/green chile, cheese, tomato, mustard, & bell pepper!
Just at the best breakfast ever. Local business are the best.
funny how niggas be screw facing @ me... smh... but they ain't got the heart to get @ me!....
i hate that i love you so.....^__^
have you researched how chocolate is used for athletic recovery,for the polyphenols?
Whatever you do this summer, visit earthmatrix-dot-com often because I will start posting paleoanimations and hidden images in ancient art.
if aint douched in years u r #undateable lol
Starting a new job !! HELLO Mary Kay <3
. Thank you so much for the signed bookmarks and bookplates, friend. How nice of you to send these. I passed them out to readers!
go Nick go! (my attempt at motivation)
Play our lead singer in words with friends "662aaron662"
hey thanks! I am showing my collage art at Bottle Cap on Powell for the month of May and June.. Come check my work out!!
i want you girl, and i need your body, right here. wont you teleport to me?
morning homie make it a great day
Chivas USA getting numbers behind ball, easily thwarting , who have to be lots quicker moving forward to break through.
autoglasslocator.com is number 3 on google for the search term "windshierld replacement. Go to www.listyourshop.com to sign up today
Why is my heart racing?! Ugh I feel so anxious. I can't tell if it's excitement or after effects of vodka...
Hhahahaha :) nope, it's me
The jackhammering happening on the street outside my office window right now is driving me NUTS.
Get a 10% discount on design or web services for being a twitter follower. When you get in touch just tell me you found me through twitter.
.001% tx #PressCorpse MT : what % of Americans know their government is constantly bombing Yemen & killing civilians?
<U+200E>"I don't trust easily because the people I have trusted in the past gave me a reason not to."
It's so funny when you try so hard to prove I'm the only one. When I see right thru it....
Thanking for this tv
Finishing up gorilla fight, down to tuning and programming... starting a new EP tomorrow and have to do a lot of writing this week
“A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.”
And, no digging deeper than 18 inches into the sand. Will the Baywatch team be enforcing this? :-)
“: Who's getting the new Canon 5D mark 3?” The same people that I'm going to buy my cheap, used 5D Mark 2s from!
NO, slutty girl problems would be both of my hot, gay drinking dates canceling on me tonight
Who's your pick? Three left!
is Beloved's talented director.
Induction ceremony
no I told u when I'm coming home lol...and technically that's early
False alarm again
Just started the first rehabilitation class at Oro Valley Parks, Rec & Library, also 1st in Southwest
I love working with white people. They have more sensibility, they show up on time, they don't fight, they're nicer...
Seriously though, thanks to I'm questioning whether or not I'm sexually attracted to Larry David.
I love you
It's like a rain forest here in #Boston forreal!!!!
nice day out
Oh yeah, Pizza is a given. Students don't show up for anything that doesn't provide pizza around here.
follow you won't regret it
it's gunna be a great season
I hear that a lot.
Have you seen the new ship EPIC? If not let me know I'll send you a video! I have cabins available 1-22-11 great rates!
If that's been the case this year you've been getting the worst of it. It's been so ridiculously mild this year.
Follow Back
Some stuff i wanna read on a twit pic but its tttttttooooo long :-)
Brentwood is miss or miss.
It's 29 degrees out here. Ridiculous for
I'm on board.
David Conley (EPIC) sees grade 12 as opportunity for deepening K12 & #highered collaboration; acknowledges states need to play a role.
Wow! I haven't heard that song in forever.
Steak n' Eggs Fried Rice...share the love! Marinated tri tip, ginger soy fried rice, over easy egg...I love my menu! Order now!
Let's car pool ... I'm in coconut creek. I'll swing by of the Sawgrass Expressway!
your bed hugs you back? Where might one pick up one such bed?
Just hearing that the third floor partially collapsed at the justice center. Also hearing that some workers or still unaccounted for.
idgaf about the density of water, when will I ever use this & yes im bored
Honestly, I just keep thinking about her little boy losing his mom so young, and I ache for him. I fucking hate cancer.
cautionary tales of swords?!
being able to eat tacos and study torah?
Quandary: I'm struggling to integrate my thinking on my new blog piece in Integrated Thinking! Like looking into 2 mirrors on opposite sides
Breaking news....Chris #Christie endorses a burrito...
Contact us:
Wonderful news to read Leslie. Congrats! How are you feeling?
But you're right. And studios will ultimately spend more on security and DRM technology than on reformatting.
Big thanks to our event supporters! Coconut water ever!.
my car would probably run better on a 40oz. Than this Arco crap
im back(;
better love trance, or ima kick her butt :)
A millionaire should drink good beer. Guinnesse is Ireland's Budweiser. Drink some good craft beer. Nazis love good beer too
Found the gift I was supposed to give my sister last year. Man, she would have really loved that kitten.
well if they get in Friday someone is bound to follow them and find out hotel and then it will spread so we will probably know
and do you have any idea what healthcare costs are like? You think only rich people should be allowed to seek treatment?
About to record at windows !!
truth “: The brilliance of MLB.TV on devices makes the absolute failure that is NBA League Pass that much more obvious.”
Bail Denied for Two Assailants in Jonathan Duhamel Attack, Including Ex-Girlfriend
Tomorrow is your first day in your 40s - wring every last drop out it too, and the next, and the next...
ALREADY GET RIGHT SO THAT YOU CAN MAKE IT TO MY SHOOT @ OQUA LOUNGE SAT. 5-7.
please put this woman in Playboy!
FINALLY! Finished with the State Exams, :D But Now I have Projects to do -.- What's up with you guys? :)
just got done playin frizbee at the park! hope today is a better day=] ->KimBeezy<-
In class but still tweeting (: #rulebreaker :P
Sorry for the delay. Im sure you've seen on it the news by now.. What do you think ?
CAUSEWEAR is the #MOVEMENT121 brand of performance clothing and jewelry, active wear, shirts, socks, jackets, hats, shoes, Jewelry & more!!.
No, I haven't - perhaps I'll add to the Kindle. I need to load up before New Zealand.
of course, its our boutique! We're solid in BRIC, especially good in LatAm and China, and nearly everywhere else. More soon...
aham.But go to his concert in L.A.!
well we will have to make plans to meet up at the Squire!
Looking forward to a double date dinner party with our friends Todd and James this Friday!
Everybody wanna come to East next year ..
I'm busy today..boss's bday and have a party to go to..tryin to get sober n shit
Headin out to see our boys in get wild in Boston tonight!
love love the show and the food. Loved that Apple pie.
Watching Kevin Hart "Say with ya chest little nigga!"
love it. hahahahaha
The CEO of a struggling company was dismayed when a brand new business much like his own opened up next door and posted a huge sign which r…
See you then!
Why would you ever watch SBTB post Zach Morris and Kelly Kapowski?
thats the best way to be
oooohhhh good afternoon everyone ! Starting the day off right ... a little gloomy outside but oh well not gonna let that take my shine;)Muah
Happy Birthday.
o o another one. When louis was pretending to be mario. So freaking cute
that's actually kinda hilarious. Just had a similar conversation about "text-speak" that's used IRL. makes me shake my head.
Notre Dame Tax Assistance is being at held at the Centre Branch on March 6, 20, and 27 at 5:30pm for those with incomes of $40,000 or less.
No worries. I'm working 2day so will b on/off. Need 2 add u 2 other email -
Nothing changed -__-
My roommate shaved his head today. Now our drain is clogged. Thanks buddy.
I just started laughing out loud as I got a call...
It is wise to learn how to respect and honor all priceless gifts!
thank you for the RT!
Congrats Badgers! On to the Rose Bowl!
Recovering from last night
At the 10th Annual Craig Noel Awards for Excellence in San Diego Theater! Will tweet the Old Globe winners!
definitely! let me know when you girls want to meet up!
Fear is an illusion. If you use that energy for self confidence - you will be amazed at the results. - Unknown
Wow - you got crazy insane good luck (for having been broken into, as it were)! That's fantastic!
thanks for the follow Emily :)
bummer! hope you are feeling better
yea.. easier said than done ash.. its the worst
Aww he would always talk to me while I was at the clinic =( *Psigh*
I no you wont see this! But me and my friend have been up all night its 00.30am waiting for u!Follow me and
I can't have guy friends? But he has a girl as a bestfriend.. A lil messed up? I think yes. #pissed off
Its not true. Funny how rumors get started...:/
Burgers, Fries, Tarts and Juice! Come in and have a great meal today!
maybe me and
Looking for a web based app that enables crowd sourcing of comments, pictures and videos- needs to be archivable- thoughts anyone?????
If I don't write to empty my mind, I go mad. ~Lord Byron
We see nearly 2x the activity from our users on Sunday versus Saturday.
deep breath. deep breath.
What’s your favorite Christmas special or movie of all time?
Everyone in the contest! If you are on Tweet Limit just wait 2 hours then try tweeting again! you have until 11pm so keep going!
After loading software all day on new computers I think the ic5 processor is quicker than the AMD Quad-Core (all else equal)
Wat u mean we no GIRLS ALLOWED
Ah-mazing. Thank YOU!
For my cycling friends: been out of commission due to knee. Now out of commission due to motivation. Should be back our on road soon.
Like www.facebook.com/zakdowntown RT!
Omg! That was intense. My heart was racing!
Is EVERYONE crazy today? Wow. It's too early for this much crazy.
what?? I didnt send u any picturs
The library will be opening at 6:30 am today!
if "crazy" we're a middle name, it'd be ours! :) You are welcome!
Might as well go for a stroll. So nice outside. I'm sure is straight
Well that sounds like fun :)
KAREN. NO MELTDOWNS DURING TECH.
we had it washed down for you today - welcome back!
gotta come fck wit me in the booth one of these days
Well, Brewers didnt get it done today! Too bad..... Time for a nice dinner aftet bitching for 2 hrs abt Brewers inabilities
He was that bad huh? Going to the doctor is the worst :-/
Silly Phone dat wasn't a 'missed call' dat was a 'looked & saw who it was and pressed ignore' call''
sure. I am game. What time is good for you?
22 players in our tournament so far today. $140 buy in ($125/15). Late registration available until 1:40 pm.
Good morning! Have a blessed day
Lol my little sister is conceited.
Brevity. But #optimized is crucial to success in
So perhaps Bibi is simply calculating that co-opting Kadima is better than going for a potentially killing electoral blow.
Thanks for the #ICBD tweets/retweets yesterday. Hope you celebrated reading!
"Why not touch God with your acting??" --Luis Alfaro
haha I'm down
RT : N. Carolina should not ban gay marriage: The church can't possibly absorb all the single gay men joining the clergy
"In the future you are strong, in the past you were weak. It was within that gap that made you realize what you had to do to move on"
lol I just got these serious of tweets. Call me when you get done.
You just got a spot in artist of the week on submit music n bio to be a feature n placed on TSNRadio
ahh im having a bonfire on saturday TELL ME YOU'RE HAVING A BONFIRE TOO I SWEAR
don't no much about him to be honest we just got him a few Month ago he was a rescue pony
Today is Teacher Appreciation Day! Make sure to thank all the special teachers in your life today :)
she wants you too ;)
if you come the closest without going over do you win the ox?
Finishing up this #LAKPHX game, then I'm calling it a night.
We need to meetup one of these days!
Oakland winning against the Chargers. I can't pick a game to save my life.
great site! i will be adding my world travels to it
Dont feel to good hopefully sleep will help Goodnight people
follow back?
I miss it all man!
#ff that because I'm gonna see her tomorrow
Peanut Butter and Jelly Crepe >>>>
Happy cinco de mayo ! Who wants #margaritas??
Wake up, wake up, wake up it's the 1st of tha month.
I hate how they have to put Justin last. omg I just want to see him perform already!
Everything around us is made up of energy. To attract positive things in your life, start by giving off positive energy....
To all my tweeters I have a question what do y'all think of Lil wayne album ??? And be honest
Good season Hawks. Next year.
A FUCK & WE LOST !
I(we) want more gigs but I want the "best" ones, some gigs are more trouble than they are worth,be SELECTIVE, time is very "precious"....
Much of what has been written about decoding the Maya glyphs is pure speculation. We will illustrate how to avoid this & learn their code.
I would have to do ACT prep on the only day of break that the weather is actually nice
happy happy birthday to !<U+0001F618><U+0001F389>
Learning choreography is hard work !
Follow Me Please!? 36
Currently listening to "Little Red Corvette" I fuckin love Price.
I wonder if my supervisor will let me go home early tonight.
Today was a +1 day
Heading into Rudolph's where rumor has it will be meeting us!
“: hungry” that makes two of us -.-
so happy for you and brad!!! Love you both so much!
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience. -Miguel de Cervantes
STAR WARS™: THE OLD REPUBLIC™ EXPANDS TO NEW ...
you think that's awkward... Walk in my shoes..lml
Bravo! and congrats.
I mean, how long is this journey supposed to take?!
Girl stay safe. Hope u make it home.
p(^o^)q you hit my face D;
Omg totes happy hour all night and all day tomorrow?! C'mere!!!!!
^es Why am I so uncoordinated in Zumba class? I guess having rhythm is just not enough.
damn that would be sick but I font got money to fly to new jersey
I'm using M.E.
Yes. I was born in 1961. I'm 50. My partner Robert is 55.
Culture now sees walking a beat as punishment. Sad. Cars ruined everything. I'll tell you about a beat program in NY.
Way to go!! *cheering loud and proud!* Great job. I cant wait to read it.
Hot Mexican food on a cold day, nothing beats it!
Indeed. Ever thought of portraying her? I can see it!
Nope dickhead if you had a socal life i guess you would understand...RRRATCHETZZ!!!
Thanks everyone who came out to tonight's show! Didn't expect such a nice, patient audience in Midtown West.
lmao I guess I'm just used to it cause I've had so many blood tests lol she was triiippiinnnn. And the red head too!
Can someone explain to me why people in the south don't take care of their lawns?
#FridayReads The Wrong Mother - Sophie Hannah
All I can say is, hopefully my Interview goes well on Sunday.
Man, I gotta poop. Hate when that happens at a shit hole bar before a rock show. Oy.
Get something hot together my Dogg.
Not at all. Proud of him. RT : Wonder how bothered N.C. State fans are to see that RW is from Wisconsin not State.
Just worked out...a little run/ walk action
Long night?
They should make cars out of adamantium. Indestructible yet very heavy = safety vs fuel economy. Hm.
"What if Twitter stopped working for a week...how many of you would wait or just say fuck it"
Any idea why Aurora Ave Krispy Kreme blocked w crime tape?
I need a fresh peice of gum
Have you been to the Dark Horse Saloon for salsa dancing yet? Next event is January 27.
come out Iam almost there
": #ILookForward to coming home soon(:"I should be There Friday Morning we Need a Ride to Go outt!
I can't, it makes me too sad.
they haven't even played a regular season game yet and I want to just throw my arms up in disgust.
You might want to check with Steve on that first...
found my yellow pompom maker. Left brain fart purchase at the shop. making some tonight!
You ain't lying! It was supposed to be Packers/Giants...it's ON!
Home from surgery! COME SEE ME!
OhMyGod.....iTold u her boyfriend is a millionaire..she'll buy us da tickets
Thanks for mentioning the book! The small but passionate crew here at Aquila Polonica Publishing is pretty proud of it!
We want to know! Would you describe your church as seeker or attractional?
I think there is a / btw grant-funded folks and not due to many factors: home inst. contrib, rsrch time, grad students...
I wish I could just sleep all day!
@ greenyclay92 it only gets us closer to spring break!
Wisma is serving up healthy and affordable on-the-go meals! Pick one up for dinner today!
Wearing my sombrero now...and a smile!!!!
Happy birthday, ! I trust that you have a fun weekend planned! Have fun!
Help #SignAustinMahone ?? Anyone?? Anyone know any free manager that can manage Austin's career. DM me(:
#expchat I'd do an Australia/NZ/SE Asia trip. I lust over such cruise itineraries online on occasion. Some day.
Facebook lets you know what everyone's bathroom looks like...
it is a really great butcher shop
Lindzi? who'da thunk it. But seriously, Courtney? Ben is doomed
i have work in 10 minutes and im still in just my boxers
psh who needs sleep when you can tweet the most talented guy on earth :) SUP AUSTIN
Squad 6 has to be pissed ha
Tauri (my FordTaurus) always decides to temporarily bite the dust in very convenient places. For that, I can't complete dislike her.
The entire circumstances of the case/situation should be considered. It is about the context of the "like" I suppose.
You are mistaken
Nikola Tesla might have been the greatest mind next to Einstein. Google him.
Thanks for the mention! Have a great weekend!
I'm going to have to miss Pilates today so that I can clean and get the house ready for my mom's visit.
RT : Stop worrying about the potholes in the road and celebrate the journey! ~ Barbara Hoffman
Fuck you I've now watched the Redband TED trailer like 10 times.
"I don't need jail to be behind bars" our culture in one statement Wow...
Me n dariuses conversations .:-) funny ass hell
omg that would be cool if they draw one for u, are you gonna take a pic I'm gonna ask them to draw a smiley on my Belly
My money straighter than a mufuxkin perm bitch !
It makes me so incredibly angry to have paid for an e-subscription only to be confronted with a Mensa puzzle to activate it. I want $ back!
The main guy (dentist)'s story's also good lesson for all trying to get in showbiz -- find a skill outside of the industry!
Girl Your just like a storm rainning on me your So Wet
the best trash talk comes from mutual respect
RT : partner Lori Lubinsky did an excellent job arguing case today in Wisconsin Supreme Court. Hot panel.
Interesting presentation on conceptions of the diva among contemporary young women by Sue Cronshaw and Jan Brown.
Radelet: "A lot of this story of economic growth is centered around South Africa. The end of #apartheid led to big economic changes."
my right leg is bigger than you little guy - keep showin them "muscles" tho
all beliebers if u love justin as much as me follow me i love and support justin now and always from the beginning to the end luv justin!
Define your mission & understand the impact you need to make on society then innovate to accomplish. ~michael edson
Ugh, still feeling really sick after 2 weeks. At least I slept well last night. Time to get some work done
C'mon 'nucks fans, they earned it.
#Salute to YoungChop
We're really lucky to have COO Cris Ros Dukler addressing the corps today.
Cross your fingers for no rain tomorrow! Here's hoping we'll be able to hit the parade route tomorrow!!
thanks, Crystal! <3 How are things?
AND I JUST MISSED MY 3,000TH TWEET! :'( oh well, by the time i'm at 4,000 i'll throw a party at my new place :)
Like branches on a tree, our lives may grow in different directions yet our roots remain as one.
[DC] TONIGHT- Summer Breeze Concert Series Part 2 Live From Historic Takoma Station Featuring
now following this chico .>>>>>>>
“: BRO THIS KID IS SUCH A CREEPER” ops...
put me on your tops :)
hah! kk but yes i do cave i believe he is a sexy man with great ab features, the screaming little preteens just creep me out!
me and Racey were talking about that earlier she was asking me what I was wearing lol
Movies can change your outlook on a lot of things.
I concur RT : Congrats on a HUGE season on great job! Milwaukee is proud!
In the stoooooooodeeeeeeeeooooohhhhhhhh!
DailyHookahTip#83: Non-rotating hookahs have better seals and contain the smoke much better.
i'll pay a penny for your thoughts, a nickel for your kiss... you know that i will
All my 4 airhead cards I bought are of ! I want a one!! haha
its ok
RT : Happy 83rd Birthday Mickey Mouse! We should all hope we look that good when we reach his age. Must be all that cheese.
omg. that was to funnyy. bahahah
I need to just get away for a long long while
Very true ... That and being an English teacher is in my blood.
What exercises do you do to stay in shape for tennis?
Shouldn't EVERDAY be Veterans Day? Flag flying... check. Thanks Vets. Thanks alot. Dang.
thanks for the kind words!
“ Our generation doesn't ring the doorbell... we text or call to say we're outside.”
What would you like to see me write about in my next blog?
Just smile and say "Yes, Mistress."
Thanks, Greg!
are you feeling better today? want me to bring you something to eat????
I did that once. I was more pissed off that my mother, who was on the other end, didn't clue me in.
May 20th program at the National Building Museum. Free, but registration required.
Why am I always being cock blocked in my own dreams?
Oh God, I love Bridget Jones Diary way too much!
Why am I such a cry baby? My GOD! Haha
Any songs your purchase for your MAC products WILL work on the PC version coming in the next month.
doesn't Madison hate oatmeal squares?
Lake Placid tomorrow
<U+0001F612>chill sweetie. I know how to skate! Lol
awesome but where is the orange tops?
Polyphonia, Sweet Violets, Carbon Life, Royal Opera House, review: Sex, violence and Boy George are all part of ..
START! Doors are now open for Free Play! It's also happy hour until 7pm. Get down here! 21+, $5.
Enjoyed your Yoga Daily...especially the article on getting things done. Namaste
I will. Looking forward to seeing y'all!
My waiter at Casa Grande just called me baby... <U+0001F633>
Going to the Titanic exhibit today!! So excited!
Used my newly retired dorm bedding to soak up all the moisture in my freezer so I could move it
Signing up more people for the upcoming Salesperson class on August 3 M-F 9-12! So excited our business is picking up! www.tuckerschool.com
So fun to plan your days around
I want one! :( A loft, not a ladder. But then again, a ladder is pretty useful...
Chicken butt haha
Cool! I asked Ava what we should go for my 40th in a couple of yrs. she said, "Go to space!" haha! I'd just puke the whole time.
So Newt want's to debate the Prez? He'd better be careful in what he asks for.
#Mavs will heed Dirk's words: "Shut it down, let's go home..."
So, Blake starts at PG in OKC?
OH SHIT! i get it now!!!!
Lol A person hates you for 1 of 3 reasons. 1) They want to be you 2) They hate themselves 3) They see you as a threat
She hurts a lot inside because he doesn't know that she knows way more than what he thinks she does.<U+2665>
we played some of the best attacking football against Evrtn, only defending was a let down that day.too many changes from that XI
Giants...u guys r killing me!
I don't even know what to do anymore.
Do me a favor and stop following me. I want nothing to do with you or your immature tweets. Thanks.
On the road again this afternoon. Anyone in the Bardstown area is welcome to come to tonight's meet n' greet at 112 Beechwold Place.
what u got goin on.
NOTION3 Expansion Sounds Now Available! Individual instruments sets can be purchased for as low as $14.99 at www.notionmusic.com.
It's O.K. to laugh during sex ... just don't point !
I wish I was one of those people who didn't give a fuck.
But if you're over age twenty-one, your life is what you're making of it
i just wish he would say 'im sorry babe, please forgive me' but i guess it doesnt work like that..
your going to kill it on the voice! I believe in you!! :D x
A fine brew weekend: brewed #AllHailAle No.18 (APA) yesterday, bottled No.17 (black IPA) today, drinking No.13 (Citra IPA) with curry dinner
What are you going to do for yourself today?
Love is gonna save us
#FF "more lovely and more temperate"
I sat behind a few at the ceremony! ;)
Bring on leehi!
Man being a mom=no words lol
so much fun with you and Scott. Thanks again for coming to the show. Love the ISES outing idea!
childs is in Arkansas getting massages and hot tubbing (tweaked knee in practice Thursday)
Fresh, cool air; Sunlight-- Heading home from the hospital.
Happy birthday to First edition hit news stands130 years ago this week.
Raw Faith opens this Friday in NYC and will be available for community screenings shortly after. Marilyn Sewell will be @ the Quad for Q&As.
At dinner in LA talking about @ who has been silent. Where is he ?
#Apple is set to unveil #iPad3 today! First major unveiling since Steve Jobs. Apple store is down.90 mintes until the iPad3 launch event.
A little belated, but did you get an answer to the plant? Leaves look like a trout lily, but haven't seen them w/ purple flower.
// Thanks for coming to Vegas, Lee!
Thanx, Nate! Should be a fun experience!
from the show Flipper?
that's a damn good look.
Anyone else going to see The Album Leaf tonight at Bottom Lounge?
"You so disrespectful But damn, I love your style"
glad your enjoying it. c
Are you on 4 now? I'll can come find you.
#Leo With #Virgo Tendacies =
What do you do if you need your glasses to find your glasses? help!
That's what she said
#ThatEx That You Look Back On & Wonder What The Hell Was Wrong With You
So excited for #BackstageRush just recorded it! Love you.. Follow please??<3
Thanksgiving with the fam
An the last time the Redskins were even in contention for a Super Bowl was??? My point exactly. NY GIANTS Defending CHAMPS!
Hope everyone has a wonderful 4th of July weekend!
John legend 1st cd was so bomb !!
Happy Birthday to !!!
paranormal hot spot?! Eeep! Sounds fun/creepers! Now I'm totally interested.
Had a great time with the family; it had been so long since I had seen them! A 5 1/2 hour drive back and I'm happy to be home.
Dear men, Pure Barre is for you too! Guaranteed to whip your body into prime shape, and hit those muscles you just can't get to in the gym!
I've had this problem ever since I updated to office 2011, but there was at least always a recovery file.
Thank you! I hope you are doing just fabulous!
funny, I was just thinking about you. I hope you and Mrs are doing ok. :)
Can we blame them?! #Cheers!
Met a really cool guy that listens to the same exact music and everything! :D
If you leave without a reason, plz don't come back with an excuse.
Awesome artist, excellent music -please follow him
yea it should last the rest of the night till i find someone to text tonight and its die all over again
In honor of Earth Day, I held in my farts all day. You're welcome ozone.
justin...please follow me
She claims she was trying to fix it by jamming a fucking screw driver into it until it was demolished
thanks for the favorite, hope you enjoy them.
I like 'em until they play the Bulls.
I'll lose the stardom than to ever lose you, i promise i'll never use you, it's not a game boy.
Whether you think you can, or think you can't..... you're right.
Tomorrow night at 6:30! Featured Artist Patricia Ward will speak about her installation Re/Vision. Join us!
Back in MKE for the weekend! Just realized what I was missing all these days!!!! Atlanta is too warm ;-(
look at you tweeting on a saturday morning. haha. have an awesome weekend my friend. ;)
ignorance gains followers
I won't be at #CILDC next week, but if you are you can check out some of my UMUC colleagues giving Cybertours on Wed. & Fri.
Typing this tweet from my NEW computer....
#teamlakers kb24 back its halftime kobe doin work time
Follow for a solo shout out RT if you did
Fuck I'm losing at beer bong
Thank you everyone that was there tonight and thank you so much for showing us what it means to be a band. We love you.
Does anyone remember that scene with Naomi Watts in 21 Grams with the amazing tango background music? So sad, so powerful.
Great meeting you at the After-Party at THEA, what a great night to enjoy short films and meet you!
Thanks, ! The feeling is definitely mutual. Hope you have a fabulous week :) xo
Just got rid of one patent troll to find another one on my desk. Worse than a virus.
My phone won't charge.. awesome !!!!(:
if you must know, it was the 7-0 Carolina game last year, Game 7 of the SCF and a 6-0 whitewash over the Isles in November.
I went home to Ja. recently, had the best Callaloo dish my father a rastafarian cooked it with carrots. I had it with bananas/dumplins...yum
Aww... Still cool though. Look forward to seeing those photos on your site :)
There is a 4ft moat around my apartment. Where can I get a drawbridge?
Great people for
Are you a technology leader in SE Wisconsin and want to give back? Concerned about the talent gap? Ask me about AbilITy Connection.
Knowledge management is an oxymoron. Knowledge cannot be managed. It can only be enabled. Tony O’Driscoll, Duke U.
Cinco de mayo has gone too far today I saw a mexican an his senorita ridin a horse !
I enjoy the taste, I don't think it does anything to my brain :-/
Home and unpacked from Los Angeles. 4:49am and time for sleep. See you tomorrow!
You look beautiful! :)
everyone says this!
Shannon Briggs Is Worth Risking 2 Boxing Betting Units at +950 Moneyline to upset Vitali Klitschko
It's an exciting team that just got even better.
My name is Danny B. i'm very short as you can see, i need a ladder to reach the toilet so i can go motha fuckin pee!
I just want some chicken wings lol. Scotty's chicken wings
lmao, really ? I've fought way bigger people. I'll be fine.
What's that link for the pet food donation program again? I'll be stopping by tomorrow & have some kitty-no-likey cat food bags.
Me and Davis are shopping with Leah and Joan. So fun.
i loved #AlexMack! but i havent heard of the other 2.. i will look them up maybe i just dont remember them haha
: I would #LOVE making a #Supradesignshoe with you...
saw the YouTube video of you and Ashley Tisdale and Selena Gomez and BTR and fredo and y'all danced to call me maybe hhaa ...
#honored - thanks man
I haven't partied ina while...savin up for MY BDAY!!=P
Ill always like you for being an Ann Romney fan.
Want to start making dairy-free ice cream at home. Any favorite recipes or tools out there?
I wasnt disappointed but I wasnt ready either.
RELEASES TODAY, PARTY PEOPLE!! GO WATCH , , Christian Serratos AND MY WHITE ASS AT YOUR AMC AND iTUNES!
Done & done.
Heading out to dinner with tweet you later...
can alex sing!?
Remarks by the Postal Service Board of Governors Chairman and Postmaster General - MarketWatch (press release)
we should sing that song for choir
Hi KariAnn :) Really nice bags!
Anything I can do to help?
PLEASE NOTICE ME IM HAVING A REALLY BAD night so it would really make my night if you would please follow me back tonight <333
yep! Here till Thursday am so I can take the child safety workshop. Makin dinner for the house tonight. Maybe you could come?
you coming to houston for final four?
Bieberconda, Constancioconda...& let me guess... Next is MAHONECONDA!! (x
Route 66 Malt shop. How have I not been here before? ?? Best shakes, burgers, even Frito pie around!
Going to try to wade through catch-up on e-mail, paperwork, etc. Of course, GOLDFINGER in the background won't help.
lol I don't have a baseball season!
very true. blondies + almond extract too
Remember when that "And Scene" joke was going around? And the person saying it would do a motion with their hand?
Do u think Tyler Perry gonna give other actors a chance to work?Or he just gonna use the same ppl,playn same roles,n different outfits?
Tigers are going to go on the prowl. Eat me some Rangers
do I need to kick some ass ? Lolol <3
My stomach is making the oddest noises
Happier and healthier than ever!!!!!
I wish all these girls would realize their potential and stop selling themselves short.
: KM failed because it was a side activity. Knowledge sharing is a by-product of getting things done in social software.
Bad ass pic!
Cousin Sal is actually understating the advantage you have by not making your picks ahead of time. It's really unfair to him.
HA! I just found out the idiot kid's name across the street. Darwin. I think I just peed my pants!
The #Bulls should not be down in this series. Iggy is shooting 31% [19-62 FG], only has hit 3 3-pointers, hasn't gone for 20 points yet.
#happymothersday to all and to all a great day!!
“Unless your heart, your soul, and your whole being are behind every decision you make, the words from your mouth will be empty, and each...
get purple haze in a boot!!!!! Love the #biergarden!!!!
Has ANYONE seen Jack White?
Last night in portland, strip club. Yea.
That works with Cheetos also...
Congratulations to LaToya and Marquis Britton. Your wedding was so beautiful...i loved it! We are now safely home!
#ChiChat today...and what better than shopping in #Chicago! Join us in 15 minutes to talk about our favorite topic.
OMG I AM SO EXITED . COMES TO ESTONIA !!!!! I SEE THEM SOON" YAYY GONNA HAVE A PIC,AUTOGRAM!! SO HAPPY:)
It really is :)
Walking by someone u don't like and holing your breath sonyou don't breath there air #IveDoneThat lol I'm terrible
the idea is ALMOST as stupid as Klout. But, I guess most social media "experts" are kids whose asses we kicked growing up.
“: You know when that girl you thought you'd marry dumped you? That plus getting kicked in the nuts is what this is. Fml.”
and I had a ball talking about JY on the DL :) hahaha
Um. Windows. Hell!
oh yea :p
Hahhha Everyone hates you Steph your horrible!
OMGG ALEX IM GOING TOO!!!!! WHICH ONE DO YOU GO TOO ????? :DD <3 #yee 3
are you in Houston right now ???
Gettin' my on at the BC. Show Boston what ya got Milwaukee!
twitter is to acquaintances as match dot com is to dates
: Heck yeah!!! That one will for sure make it on the new album
Thinks only non-Southerners will question my packing the box set of UA’s championship football season for the trip to Palm Springs.
This one going to myself!!! I<U+2764>me Some Me
Haha. one batting glove or one infield glove?
I'm pulling for Manchester.
Screaming "We Like Ike" for Ike Davis and the guy in front of us named Ike...
got tickets to concert of #Basia Trzetrzelewska in Chicago. Exciting
time is flying by.
I've already forgotten how old I told Facebook I was. I just remember they wouldn't let me say I was a centenarian.
#Austin people or soon to be ATX visitors, Any #SXSW shows you are looking forward to?
yh but I gotta wait cause I hit the following limit
just saw two women go at it for play-doe...
FYI...if u'r alarm resets itself automatically...it doesn't acct 4 Leap Year! Learned this the hard way ;)
Volcanic news from Hawaii's Big Island - The Seattle Times
o try the "couch to 5k" workout, I thin that it is a great program that is painless and helpfull
ok sounds good <U+0001F604>
But now the whole world knows! RT : just slammed my phone into my face. no one saw
Thank you for the RT... and I don't take success too seriously ;-) Abz!
Ask Sutter if he'll continue to keep the team in a hotel during home games.
My body is its own alarm clock, but it got unplugged this morning.
i got it-can't wait to wear! and also got a blue tank to wear under, you can kinda see it in the pic :) cc:
you are not steph! Cute pic bud
thank you for the RT! Merry Christmas!
WSJ "The Latin warning "caveat lector"—let the reader beware—applies even more in the digital world."
8EST join a few of my wealthy friends & I as we share how u can join us on the journey 2 the #1 lifestyle in the world. 646-519-5860 pin...
Thank you for visiting! RT : im certainly with you on that one go Apes !!! an thank u for ur excellent info :-)))
I love what said on #Smackdown in his interview about himself
Landed first role of the year, got a new agent...I like how this year is starting out
YUMM! Whatever that is looks delicious.
Game On! #Pittsburgh #Penguins vs. #Dallas#Stars (or preferred #Yinz vs. Y'all) Let's go #Pens!
And then some. RT : it's going to be a difficult day. I can feel it. blah.
Time by Pink Floyd too. Cue Tomorrow Never Knows anytime now.
Boston's own - 2012 Alex Award for The Night Circus.
i don't have a short temper, i just have a quick reaction to bullshit.
Love the song love the you lie!!!!
Had a long & bu$y day.... Now its time 4 me 2 rest.. I am TOO tired.... Goodnite! ;o)
what happened?
haha makin new friends every day!
“ MVP rankings: LeBron, Durant, Rose, Kobe, CP3, Tony Parker, & Iguodala. Who gets YOUR vote?" or
Ride a hot air balloon is next up on my list!
I figure practice puts your brains in your muscles. -Sam Snead
just throw on #thebelt, you'll feel better!
All I want for Christmas is for you to come with me to on Monday...
same here
we have 6 long months but we're going to have to take a weekend break for 1D lmfao!
“ I only fuck with REAL Gay bxtchs ”
I've got 1 more open time slot for a photoshoot before I leave for tour. Let me know if you want it! www.chaseclymer.com
just saw your message. Yes -- call me!
sure about that ? Now who's fronting ? I don't need it one bit .
Saltwater is my favorite, but there are days when I miss Lake Texoma...
so are you btw
I love how the boys jump around in What Makes You Beautiful and One Thing. They're so cute.
For now, unfollowing some people. Cleaning up my timeline. Keep friends! Ppl that chat w/me. ;-)
Already so we'll see ya next week RT : yes I did
Hi, got me all set up on Twitter now!
your background is so creepy. i love you.
I couldn't wait till Friday, I went ahead and followed all the others on the list.
preciate it family
Has anyone heard anything about that little lad who fell in the river?
Holding down the fort today (1-5) at the Read/Write Library (). Come read/donate/hang out with some zines/books/etc! (& me)
I want to open the first nude comedy club, but only hot chicks who know how to dance can perform...I'm opening up a strip club.
chitown and L.A. they do
Wish I could capture this amazing weather and experience it everyday!
Like “Chunk Light Tuna” In A Blender Set To Puree …So Are The “Days Of Our Lives.”
You guys are having way too much fun over there!! -National Pie Week with FREE pies!!!
Love and lies go hand and hand... Because I know my love lies to me...
HEY my loves miss yall trying to find time to upload a video but were goin to start getting on here more so hows everone mentions us-Tamya
Health care defeats moon. Ron Paul: "“Health care or something else deserves a lot more money than going to the moon.”
If you want me to follow you, don't tell me you're going to make 'me' money. Friend, I want to know what's in your heart, not your wallet.
This quarterback mentoring segment on SportsCenter is awful. The classroom acting bull is distracting, moronic, and unnecessary.
*its in my car*!! Lmao
Always happy to support great content!
Book signing today, 4 pm, at the Barnes & Noble, Oak Brook, IL, 297 Oakbrook Center.
Who should today's guest shot be?
still weird
LOL! Girl! That would be awkward. :p
I learned today that #UserExperience is more formally known as Human Computer Interaction or #HCI in the education community.
I am, but I've never heard of it.
I think she was suggesting I should know the name of the park or something.
That party last night was awfully crazy I wished we taped it
Now the proud sponsor of Miss Hunt County!
"My kids make me laugh, my husband makes me laugh, my "unit" makes me laugh harder than everything." -The Daily Show's Samantha Bee
RTing omg this could be the day he notices mee! Ah!
qdoba+streetzapizza? How could one go wrong?
that mixtape is nice
Introducing whisk Reputation. Outsourced, professional Yelp feedback management and more... Are you in?
#schoolmemories having to walk on the silver line or getting yelled at
Skinny ties for all at the baby shower.
My mock draft includes a hilarious RG3/C3PO goof.
awesome! I didn't see you in the room, now I do!
RT if you love Ariana's new name for us "tweeples" :]
You got a A on your test? Hey it's just like your boob size
My boyfriend has a Casey Anthony updates app. That is all.
If ejaculation is delayed in all situations, in all sexual activities and with all partners, the disorder is “generalized.”
RT : You don’t love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.
I'm obsessed with #Sharpie pens!
thank u. Anytime man ur da best!
Lack of research + political ethics disasters = trouble.
he still said google glace cherries, see how u make em. It said 'cherries, syrup, boil'
has there been enough 'socializing time' or should we build in more for next year?
Believe you can and you're halfway there- Theodore Roosevelt
Call or come by today for Anthony DAvis Presell TIckets (each ticket good for 1 autograph)
Saying hi for WI from DC. Let me know when you land on the ground in our fair state.
audio file this week, for sho.
Plus FREE AUDIT for Monday and Wednesday On-camera audition and scene study class with founder Anthony Grasso this week!
Shower then bed
Is e-mail to slow??
see this is why I Love you !
Now that the Caps have won, it's into the writing cave I go. . . .
chris Jericho needs to retire or better yet fired cause he sucks
I'm with you on a lot of issues, but you're way off the mark with #PIPA. The vitality of the Internet is too important to risk.
Publishers today moan ebooks are killing them, but what killed the ones 90 years ago when Hemmingway was writing? (1/2)
yes ma'am =) so I'll be in orlando a lot more
o I love the google doodle for #Muybridge today!
We'll miss u!“: After 3 great years, I am moving on from & heading back to DC. Thx to the team & our amazing clients!”
' Give me time, help me to understand yu gone be there thru watever.
Oh man...sorry! I should have said an anonymous IndyCar source close to the situation is makin' jokes. My bad.
great game. U picked up sooner and cowboy nation today. Made us proud
yup just calm each one individually or use a class instead of an id to call all the slides in one go.
. Charlottetown perhaps? We deserve cred, we ARE the birthplace of confederation.
Endangering national or public security
Oracle highlights Big Data’s benefits
O - look at the moon!
Moody ass teenagers. Ugh
once your up so high the stars seem to align<21
K-Rod getting loose. Kottaras on-deck. Looks like Greinke's day is done.
You've had a million and one chances. Too bad my limit is one million.
Determined to perch On the porch, drenched mocking bird Shivers off spring rain.
Neat! I think I will give the George Washington one a try.
why do i have to clean my room before school. thats the dumbest thing ive ever heard.
"just wait till calc II. you'll want to kick baby ferrets." great, can't wait haha
I'm pretty sure Fury was a red-headed caucasian until after the first IronMan film and Jackson's casting.
The works of a talented and special artist : )
I still remember doing "research" projects as a kid and relying on one source alone (usually a book). Hard to believe.
whether or not a person is a religious believer does not matter much. far more important is that they be a good human being. - Dalai Lama
From my inbox: Possible Cougar Sighting - employees should exercise caution
Spotify or rhapsody?
Thanks for the RT
Thank you for your support!
Yikes! Hope everyone is feeling better soon.
Today has just felt like a why bother kind of day. Nothing bad, just blah...
Textbooks need a Ctrl+F option
Hope everyone's Holiday was amazing! Happy Belated Christmas ;)
Friday night I'm at El Farol & Sunday it's the Sunday Jam at Evangelo's. I may even break out some new songs I just wrote!
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.
's for lunch today!
was it how's ur mothers day going and did u save my #?
how is the rehab going?
As I go through my TL I see the people who are going to be successful in life.
last night musta been pretty calm eh ? u didn't do much damage to the orange whip cream i see
“: I just want back in your head #TeganAndSara” love that song!
Happy Mommys Day to my Mommy! Words can't explain how much I love this ol lady.
CRASH: I-84 EB- west of 53rd- right lane blocked
Are you a displaced Texan in Florida like me?
Alabama needs a dependable FG kicker!
We're actively developing Bright Funds for Enterprises. Does your company have a commitment to sustainability? Community? Join us!
I feel so bad for the family of the victims of hazing. Frat/Soro have been sued and suspended. FAMU should set a higher standard. Thoughts?
Wesley Snipes must surrender to do his time by Dec. 9th. Hard to believe.
Thanks for the feedback! RT : Just had my daily gummy vitamins, they are so good!! I wish I could eat em' all :)
I'll follow only because you asked like that.
TREE INFO-Trees have real monetary value based on appraisal process used by realtors, jewelers, ect. Of course they give us oxygen too!
My tech crapped out yesterday so I wasn't able to tweet about my little trip to Melrose & Culver city but hoping to play catch-up tomorrow
has landed a role....stay tuned
I love working on same project as 3 other people and being the last to push my changes. And by that I mean, I hate my life
three times today! 10 hour workday + 3.5 hour rehearsal will do that to you. Thanks for the pick me ups!
i would fangurl it would be even better if a started singing call me maybe asdfghjkl
only if it was a really good answer!!
on the 950- Sting was so nice! And Great questions guys. Superstars can be people too. Who Knew?
Just fell back in love with A&W Root Beer Barrels.
Miss you!! ": Smh RT : Hello Cocoa Beach!"
Just visited link to an / Oregonian story- it had a pop-up ad!! C'mon Oregonian, not cool.
try it tonight from 5pm-close.
yess ik im so excited were gonna have fun and I won't be surrounded as much so ill be able to spend equal time with everyone
playing more with twitter
My son just became the first one in our family to graduate from kindergarten
This is my first time having a 3.0 GPA after 4 years of high school . Hopefully it stays up there .
Boy, you my temporary high.
Yep! Love it. That .one is Sundays
I think the world is just jealous of google because they are smarter than everyone
Yes. I heard they were always late to the set in that Hitchcock film.
lmfao I am good Hun how bout you? Where u from?
I need some major dick right now
Ate taquitos with guacamole for lunch. It's a great way to eat gluten and diary free in a Mexican restaurant!
The Next 8 People That Follow Meh Will Get A S/O ! :)
Just met & prayed 4 a girl I saw crying in the food court. Found out she was asking God to show her He loved her. God's ministry is 24-7.
Great day in Owensboro--Church Alive a.m. Fountain Downtown p.m. Moonlight BarBQ for lunch--family throughout the day--I am very blessed!
. Your twitter picture needs updating!
Tweeting for today at New Horizons, a Glaucoma Research Fdn event
TWITTER DRAMA!!!!
Is this the period of the year for the Boston Bruins? 6-3 now...5-1 they are outscoring the Lightning in the 2nd.
You Smile, I Smile <3 <3
Never a dull moment... yep, that's right. Love me some Rod Stewart #cleaningkitchen&jammin
Weeks is having one of the worst starts of his career...with Fielder gone, him and Ramirez need to figure it out.
I've got one little friend who came in with a serious shiner today. He says he got hit by a rock. Poor little guy.
A special #FF to His tweets are informative and reviews well written. Cheerio chap! Keep up the great work.
It's been great to see you bring your twitter game up. Keep up the good work. Hope California is treating you well.
Suck it up the Lakera lost i dont want to read your sorry ass tweets all night!
Just inverted a 6 and a 9 on a product key, pretty sure that is some dyslexia. In other news running licensed Dreamweaver CS6 now!
Putting finishing touches on my chair remarks for #newacc session at #nwaohc12 complete with Peter Venkman line:
Whoa, that's awesome!!
Fuck Bitches ... Get Money .. MISSION COMPLETE
"Everybody Wanna Ride When You In Limosines"
Whose stoked for some new music?!
"Pop the Pig? Doggie Doo? Oh, Come on!" --my 9 year old. He is one tough toy critic.
I miss you :)
Thanks for the #FF!
It is scary to see how bad the Bulls offense can be when Rose isn't on the floor...
I kinda feel like calling someone
Funniest thing I heard this wknd was telling me his band Tourism sounds like New Pornographers. BAH! May 19th they play SodaBar.
Can it please just be Friday? I want to see the video
is addicting
your face
I feel ya
when the hell dont you! comon man put that shit away lol
(continued) that stinks :( At least they may have gotten ur letters :)
Locksmiths can cut to the code given when supplying a lost key or making a new restricted key copy.
HA! Oh man, that sounds like fun
I'm hoping I'll wake up soon
i do not like you
Proud of you!!
Can you change your party affiliation at the polls in NC? I am unaffilliated & i was afraid i could only vote on the amendment.
Yes, I'm pretty sure they're set up over there.
Good morning Sunday, so bittersweet! Wish I could get the weekends to slow down, especially around the holidays
Late Auburn Chautauqua 2012 addition: October can't get here fast enough.
Gettin' my groove back
In an interesting twist, Descoings was French as was Francois Mitterand who was once president of the country.
Catching up on "celebrity apprentice"
I never learn anything talking. I only learn things when I ask questions.
Put another way, Constitution doesn't compel government to act on petitions. It gives citizens right to ask.
it won't let me send a message...
Sending love to the family…
But I'm sure there's really rad, posi, not sad/disturbing people on there, too! Any recommendations on who to follow? :-)
4-20/2102 Boston Globe's Reflection for the day: "Mistakes, errors, false starts -- accept them all. The basis of #creativity." R. Foreman
is AMAZEBALLS on the mainstage at Ultra Music Festival
Have you guys seen #Google today? They are doing a great tribute to Gideon Sundback!
I'm officially starting the #OccupyDogPark movement! Who's in?
Heading off to the Association of Threat Assessment Professionals monthy meeting... San Diego.. see you there!!
Crazy how one thing someone does can put me in a bad mood just like that.
We appreciate it! RT : just finished my responses for their new brochures! Just have to find some photos.
you got my hopes up Cody, lol. But I'll be watching you next week. ;)
Friends: quality not quantity. While trying to make the world love you, the most important people are usually brushed to the side.
Get the latest hair dos/looks of your favorite stars! #Oakland 510 8321100 $75 Sewin #weave #braids #hairsalons 1738 Telegraph
Prepping for my history classes, next up: Appeasement before WWII & the Scottsboro Trials!
You don't build up a brand and them tear it down on your first success. BC IS going to have another job, correct?
When people complain about being cold after practice<
#np Chris Brown - Deuces (Remix) ft. Drake
what ever you want is what is right !
Congratulations Ashley! May the best have yet to come!
That Gwinnett traffic I could never!!!!
it's too bad it takes you at least a year to get around to my suggestions.
Keep posting great content. Thanks for the RTs!
Im just chilling, ion be feeling like doing shit!! im surprise i an't big ass shit...lol cuz i really don't do nun but eat, still look good
:) lets do it, I wanna show you my "office" space too sometime
Am I the only one whos cold ..
Another great effort by AJ wasted. :(
"RDA will die of its weight. It's like an African rhino that just collapses and dies in the desert." -prof predictions
Friends of Something, we redistribute gently used to books to kids in LA who don't have any. If you had a drive, we'd be happy to...
I'm tweeting from underneath my desk, where I'm curled up in the fetal position. Soon I'll move on to eating a gallon tub of ice cream.
VA is 12th in percentage of students attending public schools(94%)—1,235,795 students attend our public schools. (Congressional Quarterly)
lmfao. trying so hard to get to tweet me.
#hth2012 Frank: good point! earlier data access / preservation effort leveraged with new
Thank god schools over omfg worst cramps
yep that confirms ur last words to me were a lie. U said u met Austin and he gave u a kiss on the cheek your a liar! Jerk!
Hey #CTIAW12...in need of a tasty refreshing treat? We are in Hall G convention!
I ALWAYS dream about meeting Austin. I just hope one day it will happen.
Ha! It's an offer worth going back for! :) Nice to meet you too.
mixing the colors.
I agree, most people dont even know what hes about they just think its cool to get on the bandwagon. get a clue first.
The only reason I think it will is because the selection committee pulled the same thing with Michigan back in '06
Happy Mothers Day to all the mommies out there! So glad mine made me open minded, empathetic and color-blind!
Twisted tea and softball. <U+26BE><U+0001F44D>
haha , don't get to carried away tho, you won't het anymore points ;D
Day is going gud
Lol, Mitchell just called himself the school slut.
I'm loving Jokers.The setup of the show of improv in real world situations, really brings a lot of freshness to hidden cam shows
How did Bosh make the all star team?
almost #friday ? any big plans? So Lake Union block party??
it's gonna be a tallywhacker parade, HOLLA AT YO BIG MOMMA
hey thanks for your tweet I showed my audience how Twitter worked! It was a great "live" illustration :)
Thinking about skipping work to build my arc. #thisrainiscrazy Stay safe everyone!
Details on how to see it coming soon scott RT : how can we see this? Can't find in theaters...
wtf you doing
You try to be cool, you look like a fool to me....
Safe to say I'm not having a good day =/
I'm not sure I understand what happened. Can you email me?
I just don't think you could be ignored. You are a power house. Claim it. Remember, some times, its good to be ignored :)
By far the hardest thing I've ever done
Listening to an informative Q&A with Maxine Waters at
.180 avg in A doesn't get him Bronx love, guess he wants to be a catcher's version of Strawberry & booze out
Drinking in the weirdest beach house. Stealing beer. I think so!
They were great.
ey guh dont ever forget you'll always be apart of one of my closest group of friends. I'll always miss you and every1 else!
productive day at work... now class... then LOST
and business leaders realize that we too have to do something. We can’t wait for Washington.
Fun story, Pacer connection (Knechtion!). I might be able air it again at 11 p.m. on KOIN Local 6.
that is amazing!!!
those dudes rule
I'm at Shamrock Marine
": heading home after a GREAT court run w| my team #LoveThem :D" keep working #LadySaints! I'm saving my gas money.
Cut out the wedding people & it will be a lot cleaner. Don't give up yet!
I cringed at riri framing her vajayjay
To the 9th: King 2, Churchill 2. King gets runner to 3rd, but Gurwitz gets his 3rd K of the inning to move the game to the 9th.
Just calling it like we see it... RT : My friends and have no faith in me <U+0001F614>
Holy cows. Tonight was insane !!!
you're pretty quiet tonight 85
yes he is following her. She doesn't deserve to get followed by him!
I NEVER look to make sure the “L” and “R” headphones go in the correct ears lol
Happy Bday, hope you enjoy it...
We are all #cheeseheads tonight.
Ikr lol I don't get it....
Umm guys I love Davy and all but we don't need him coming on and making this comeback any harder.
Long time no talk world...Some pretty exciting things are going on right now...To Be Continued
~Good morning! Sounds like a great day!:-)
What are your favorite holistic remedies for treating a cold?
I would add Fight Club to that list too. So-so book, incredible movie.
HipHop night Tonight at Johnny G's with DJ Cyn! Come show some love! Dance Partay Holla!!
You all set up with the work we did last night? Just checking...
The SRO team is all pumped after the Allen Stone shows. Working furiously on making our Feb. 18th Muse show out of this world.
Dear , I think a lot of people would love to see , , , and back again!
#JDC session hearing about global JDC fellows. Pretty rad...
typos add character.
Bobby olive
allergies? Happened to me last year for the first time too.
Last night's SNL is killing it so far. Usher's definitely doing climax next right?
Is this account run by Sarah Phillips?
"Tupac Shakur - Dear Mama" can be found with Easy Mp3 Downloader for Android & IPhone
haha "gucci?" that's new!
let them know we be wearin them snapbacks and tattoooss.
well i saw where you guys might both be playing in a tournament in dallas... IM GONNA TRY to make that one 2
How good did #duke look last night? that Irving kid is legit.
Hey we would love to be in touch for potential partnership. Can you please follow so we can DM you info? Thanks!
Creating an armature, any armature, to stabilize a creative process is a great idea. Even if the armature falls apart.
presenting tomorrow at 10am Room W206A playful literacy activities
TutorTrac seems pretty good. Why isn't everyone using it?
Hey! Thanks for following me. I really hope you enjoy my artwork! :)
Just heard from a buddy got a ticket for the cubs/sox series! Woo hoo! Like a kid in a candy store!
ice cream sandwich yet?
There's one person in the world who have helped me in my darkest hours thank you one day I can help with yours.
RT #iqnite holistic sw escrow as use case for
i dont think you even know what he was sayin
lord u guys are gonna blow up my twitter...... but at least it will be directioners blowing up my timeline
What is the funniest thing one of your kids said this week?
Good Monday Morning!
that's a good thing to advertise on twitter
I forgot to play the megamillions yesterday , not forgetting to play the PowerBall today.
RT : Pierre McGuire just dropped a "well they booed Santa Claus" on Philly fans!
I don't remember the last time I was this exhausted! Let the vacation recuperation begin!
another session at the
I need strength to get through these next few weeks. This not my month.
Hi Dwane :) They went out in the mail on Wednesday so you should be getting them soon
Awhh I love waking up to birthday voicemails <U+E056> Love my friends <U+E32A>
Much fun was had and much more fun to come
Truest statement I have heard all week. A lot of times its about interpreting advice from multiple points.
idk I guess I was hungry lol.
finally (!) made it out to open mike Monday at Lestat's. So much talent out there, including great songsters and a sword swallower.
So coach is bouncing back on Friday?
Target is screwin with my head.
Awww Thanks For The Fansite Your So Sweet<3
Wishful Thinking
Perfect hulk reference.
previous tweet; what to get at Panera. :P
hah you're such a hipster
THEIR DANCING WAS FUCKING GOOD.
what's your PSN name?!? Please play some black ops with me!!!
They created a curling iron for the computer to create Merida's beautiful hair in Brave. 111,000 curves on her head
DHC is excited to announce our newest team member, Hayley Graham from ! We can't wait to get her on board!
Another snow storm heading our way? A winter weather advisory for central Ohio tonight...oh, btw, it's not even officially winter yet!!!
Just arrived in columbus staying at the sickest house and chillin with nicest people ever!!
My favorite site about dirty cops is www.injusticeEverywhere.com, These guys are on 'em! Been a great writer's resource.
My throat hurts #Allergies ?
Judge me. I <3
I, personally, have not used cursive since gradeschool. I took the ACT though.
I love thunder actually
Someone just asked us to put the Pitt Basketball game on. Our response was "We didn't realize Pitt had a basketball team this year"
“ A man is known by the company he organizes. -A. #Bierce #afb”
RT : RT : Live life with no regrets.
Woke up like " who turned the alarm on" lol HELO GOVNOR! Lol
SideShow: Say it can’t be so: Kim and Kanye considering engagement???
I mean you got it taken care of so I guess that means you're attractive again...
we want to be everywhere! Thanks for the support mike
i love it when im spending time w/ frnds. Lol
really dont appreciate creepers who pull up along side me when im running. no i dont want to be your friend. no i will not give you my#
Thanks! The best thing right now is to spread the word around Facebook/Twitter.
I could be watching Justice live right now...
#HomeBoyAlone for 2 days who can I chill wit
no problem Lisa. I try to not be a Homer, so I doubt ill irritate you with my Wings leaning. Thanks for following back!
cool, thank you
Good food Good friends =great time there! Will rent bikes this time too.
Wanna ps3
Vote like your school depends on it High school #lsc elections 2day 6a-7p
is there a problem
So true. RT Reading is the nourishment that lets you do interesting work. JENNIFER EGAN
Please put the doctor on the phone 'cause I'm not making any sense
I've never felt worse about myself.
WOW. Good match and Monaco had him against the ropes.
I can't open ur site
Way to steal focus from the Did Phil get you anything fun from Coltmerch.com?
It's not always about fixing something broken, but sometimes it's about starting over and creating something better. Anonymous
we had a ruff start this morning too! Snow. Can you believe it? I know spring in NE can be like this, but I'm ready for spring!
My mommy will be home in an hr :-)
PlayStation Video Store: This weekend only, rent MMA epic Warrior for just 99 cents in 1080p HD or SD.
I'd be delighted. Currently on parental leave--would you be willing to wait til summer? There will be more news then :)
RT : Just replicating a credit card transaction with NFC isn't going to excite consumers/merchants. There has to be innovation...
it's a known issue in 2.0. For now best to use classic interface, but fix is being tested
Never worry bout a thing
Day one in the studio knocked out...It's on!!!!
Katharine Macphee singing at Rockefeller Center!
Don't forget to tune in to Webisode #2 tomorrow! We didn't forget about you! =)
info for?
“Few people attain great lives, in large part because it is just so easy to settle for a good life.” - Jim Collins - From Good To Great
The explosion in popularity of and last few months is stunning!
so Ocky is ur half brother
hahaha. everyone wants to talk but no one wants to say nothin!
Today's the day that we all recognize the fact that some man you call Daddy had unprotected sex with a woman we now call mother.
Did Hacked you earlier? It sure seems like it.(:
There's so much I want to say ,I'm trying to hold my composer.
how about some new music about justice for the working class? We would enjoy that!
still can't believe they blew that smh
Thanks for following !!!
prob won't work w/ your schedule, but if you can get to BGSU check out campus pollyeyes, amazing stuffed breadsticks
Will the Rangers Win?
So, appears that the weeks worth of work I did on ths new site misses a critical component that makes it work. So, redign is in the offing.
John Cornelius O'Callaghan is amazing. The Maine will always be my favorite band.
absurd position RT Pryor Ohio says only OH lawyers can rep Cle Indians, Cin Reds, other Ohio players-violation of NLRA
what's good
Ya know that big fancy aircraft carrier on the avengers? Yea. I want that.
She is back. I am happy.
soo one day i was on twitter , saw 's twitter went on his youtube account and BAM! fell in love! <3 :D
When the fu€k are we getting a new #ASIP to watch?!?
I think the Cubs got a break there. Should be out at first.
OMG! “: hey you guys know about 1025 live right? Big concert by the capital. Thousands of people”
CUBA Cheese is so good! #Easteregg RT : Favorite part of the day today, cheese Tasting from Cuba cheese shop. #flx food
I'm soo exhausted today!!! I don't think the gym is gonna happen tonight :\
Any luck finding the pup? Also, is he chipped?
There is no day like the present day to do the right thing. :)
The most ghetto fabulous person in #ATL is
This is relevant to my interests! Thanks, and well done!
probly in a lil i just lef from up there before thanksgiving on tour i got some folks up there
Keeping my self busy really helps me from thinking too much.
So basically, I think my term paper is gonna kick butt.
It's time to go back to Seattle. Gah I don't want to go back! I want to stay here and relax for once!
live tweeting Yanks v Mets..for starters, the bonehead Mets fans finally noticed they have a Shake Shack - the sole reason to be a Mets fan.
I am still on XP and I didn't have to do anything.
To waken interest and kindle enthusiasm is the sure way to teach easily and successfully. -Tryon Edwards
hopefully Evans wins.
Thanks for connecting! Could I send you a play? Best, Matthew, plays published at Indie Theater Now
Roundtable, #water rates, mayors #budget and open seat on county board of supervisors.
We are so excited to be included in this year's The Dirty Show in Detroit! 2012 is off to a great start!
1. Open fridge. Nothing to eat. 2. Open pantry. Nothing to eat. 3. Lower standards and repeat
What about criminal charges for a hate crime? University discipline seems weak for racially motivated attempted assault.
Our Ambulatory #Infusion Center provides comprehensive, skilled nursing services for patients undergoing intravenous procedures.
Cleaning up after a tenant left happy freakin week end.Someone borrowed some tools that didn't return them .need coffee .GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
haha how light? Don't die it blonde or orange! U should get an afro! Haha
I should have! It only ended about 20 minutes after I went to bed. Dunno if I can stay up for Blues/Kings 3OTs till like 4am tho
hahaha nice. Had tennis in the spring 7th period. Turned in to senior our after the season!
It would mean the world if you dm'ed me im so sad and In tears:'( pleasr answerr
Who are you, me? RT never thought I'd ever say this...I'm on my way to a sports bar to watch the Knicks/Kings game.
Follow me on instagram!! iluvtaylorl17 and I follow back:)
Off to work ! Somebody please wish me luck.
Congrats to for launching in Palo Alto yesterday!
You know nothing, Jon Snow...
Great show!! Thanks for playing us today!
yea it does cause I love my checks lol
Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch!
First time watching braveheart. Was pretty good
Still counts!
says it's like an MLS crowd
you're welcome... have a wonderful day!
Hope everyone is having a great Sunday! We need some more followers! Spread the word for !!
Starting with the man in the mirror.
the heat have shot more free throws this quarter than some teams shoot in a game smh
That quote came courtesy of Mr. Dupri via Global 14,if you're not a lifer, you have no swag :-)
thanks Sharen. spread the word! and how are you? RT : Wow, Gail, what a fun new venture! Congratulations.
doubt it xD
Lmao I Just Remembered That It's April Fool's Day xD
Slice of the Week: Bay View "The Bangkok Buffalo" Sriracha seasoned chicken breast, Curry, and Fresh Basil.
Warm weather leads to jump in fishing licenses
Thanks again for supporting the Scot Rite event. Let's have lunch soon!
Goddammit, well played Rose, as always.
#WhatIMissMost looking in2 them deep brown eyes at the look on your face rite after I cum up 4 air n start 2 penatrate n u push away monein
First tweet. On the train heading to Eric's (Eric and Kathy Show on WTMX) with Mary.
<--needs a girls night out. Anyone free this weekend and wanna hang? Share a meal? Whatever else?
thanks! And thanks for breaking the news to me! :)
Snow in March Wtf
urgh i really wish i didnt have to go this lab at 4 -___-
Just get off the floor Boozer.
fam just got book 's oakland on may 28th come thru..i know its last min but had 2 take it..lol lol
Ok I feel much better than I did an hour ago. Thank you Chinese food.
The quicker you're here, the faster you go
She's got you all head over heels, & I can't even make you stumble. <3
Good luck in NYC ! We'll miss you here in Denver.
If you have an iPhone never ever ever turn on voice over.
RT : i have three words for you. "simplify, simplify, simplify". or - "simplify fucking everything"
Who am I talking to?
Yup. Guys got some nasty jingle balls
So on my way to work this afternoon and eating my cereal in the car, I suddenly hear "is that peanut butter crunch!??" very enthusiastically
RT Love the reminder! Getting into gear myself :)
Almost ready to start filming... I just need to wait a few more days for this mic to come in the mail.
just ejaculated in the marshmallow topping container at Menchies
I'm really excited to graduate and move on, but part of me will miss high school. Nah, who am I kidding? Fuck high school!!! <U+0001F60C><U+270C>
Love the song "Home". Listening to it at the end of the performance gives me chills. So meaningful to me.
-- at the crescent moon / the silence / enters the heart #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
Unfollowed man. Not because I love football but mainly because you're acting ignorant
#ILoveMyMom because she's awesome and does anything for me and its funny when we fight :) happy mothers dayy!!! <3
Fantastic new Hayes Carll EP on iTunes of his recent SXSW performance. The song One Bed, Two Girls, Three Bottles of Wine is classic Hayes.
Rudeness is a sign of weakness
Does anyone know a Mahomie younger than 11?
A guy can only take so much bullshit
Great interview yesterday with the Animal Planet, doing a show on kids who kill and torture animals. Interviewed in Dahmers's hometown, Bath
I have! I do! I will! Uh.. What's a remote? RT : "Life has no remote. Get up and change it yourself!
Riff raffs a clown
I been slacken off on my P90x
Can you DM me the information regarding the Deal or No Deal Showcase? Thank you!
Love the #cashcab segment on #30rock!!
Not only did I get it, I know just the room to put it in.
RT : Hey Pls Help get word out that Stanford Lib's on Twitter!
that such a long time not to listen to them lol i listen to them almost everyday
I gave +K on hitting deer with new cars on
I seriously can't stop smiling. (:
My Favorite Water Brand is Figi (: , wbu ????
Go ahead Gladys!!! She's gettin' it!
thanks man! just checked out moveline. looks pretty cool. signed up for the beta...
Forecasts predict rain for Christmas.... every-friggin-year
Bummer about Barca today--did not see game due to travel but recorded it. Flat?
if you only knew the real me...
We thank him for his service. RT : Today I lost my grandfather, and the world lost a WWII hero who was on the beaches on Normandy
RT : Practice loving everybody all the time (leave the judgement @ home). But only hang w/people who inspire u
Joing us for 9am mat pilates this morning. New clients: 1 week free of unlimited group classes! 1 free private pilates class!
the heart is a lonely hunter
Obama has done nothing or very little to improve any of those "issues". Also, you need not make this personal.
the writing is so sharp and funny and awesome. i fell in love with it head over heels last night.
Crazy long wait at #AT&T store
Just saw that you are on the Hunger Games soundtrack. Thats so awesome! CONGRATS!!!!!!!!! Can't wait to hear!
Okay i just noticed time followed me and I DONT EVER REMEBER ASKING HIM TO FOLLOW ME :O
Librarians should thank god every day for Wikipedia
hey everyone, very soon, ScanMan will have an #iOS robot brother: "Itchy", the bot behind "#Gamers Itch!"
I've never been great at basketball but I'm fairly confident I could play for the Charlotte Bobcats.
look at the dictionary by #awesome u'll see my face!
Slacker is the best internet radio....Rev. Timothy Wright radio
Hi people I do not got these days because my computer blew
Just let me know. I will help in anyway possible.
#ThankYouSteve For making us better people and making us crazy for more technology
I miss your smile
My toasted eggos were especially warm and crisp this morning. I'm now adding chef to my list of talents.
“The mind is a superb instrument if used rightly. Used wrongly, however, it becomes very destructive.” Eckhart Tolle
Oklahoma Home Repair is the expert you need for home repair and remodeling! oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com or call us at (405) 821-2597
RT It's Wine Wednesday at Pintxo. $10 off bottles!
RT : Looking forward to tonights gig at The Ivories 1435 NW Flanders St. Starts at 8:30. Freddie Hubbard this is for you!
RT : Peanut butter and crack sandwich ideas? <-- Lol Yea To Through The Feds Off
The Blazers looked great last night! It should be a fun season.
“: Great video of ISS. Could use some artwork in hallways.://1.usa.gov/g24EBk”
thanks to everyone at for such a thoughtful discussion this afternoon!
no I'm not
Saving Abel, "Addicted"..'I'm so addicted to all the things you do when you're going down on me inbetween the sheets"
If your age is on the clock, you are too young to be on wand erection's cock.
anticipating the arrival of to North Philly
yes, red wine and most drinks
my dads telling me this old ass cuban remedy to get rid of my flu.. it includes cognac eggs and cinnamon... what the eff
My eyes always hurt so much when I wake up.
My biggest dream would be to have tweet me..if she did I think id prob faint!!! Love u so much kim huge huge huge fan of urs
RT RT : today is my son's Zion's 9th bday n he is a total D. Wade fan! Would u RT this to m...
chevy tuned up
Thats why i be On twitter all day
India&#39;s champion boxing mum eyes Olympic gold
1909- Mary #Pickford, the first #Movie Star, goes in front of a camera for the first time
My latest fantasy involves a team of high-powered executives, a gang-bang, with the goal of pregnancy.
do you mean to say they have phony, expensive, degree programs that focus on leftist ideology? My surprised face :-0 ,)
stupid fab man, I had cuse then changed it up cuz of him but for real I hate mizzou right now
www.myspace.com/bentutensil acoustic covers of A Perfect Circle songs. revised, revisited and recycled with love. come say hey.
Yes, always many raging activities at
Next time go digital on those flashcards, Michael and leave yourself with 3+ hours to study. Good luck!
Oh you're welcome... Glad to see you again. We really appreciate it!
Wednesday and the work week is halfway finished! Today is home to our CHICKEN PAPRIKASH 5.99 SPECIAL!
lol i'm really not here. I just thought Andrew was Roberts brother -_-
I think the fact that things work out for him is the part that's hard to believe. It's a romantic's fantasy.
I laugh too loud, too. (xoxo)
Ok, Crucial ir Kingston to upgrade my laptop's RAM? Going from 4Gb to 8Gb.
Loving SCOTS "8 piece box" on !!
One class down, one class and thesis corrections to go!
WOW 345 today! 5 more to be at 350 :)
The fact that you creep and take the time to tweet us back makes me love you even more <3
What is the point in having a guy room mate if they won't kill the spiders for you?
TERRIBLE #nightmares last night after watching with ...no more decapitating turtles before bed!
Dilemma:I support GirlScouts & buy cookies. Those have corn syrup, so I don't eat 'em. Can I give the boxes to bums or am I poisoning them?
NO tausha thinks when we talk a lot i get extra diva-ish
Pride and prejudice: How you are proud determines whether you&#39;re racist
Cant wait till I get my iphone 4s!
Fire? Oh Lawdy! RT : Somebody need to pull this firealarm... This lady tripping.
Yep kinda switches up in the middle wanted to see if u thought it was too much
of course :)
Neon green cords to work... #toosoon?
Chicken or Egg?
Four new epic blisters... Worth it.
#cbsadmit RT : Looking forward to meeting many of my future classmates tonight at some early Connect II events!
Why not turn off the laptop, put it by aside and go to sleep?
ANd...im still not home
Finally worked!
In one week will be our Memorial Day Picnic Our students will be performing on the main stage!
How are you spending #LeapDay2012? Treat yourself at #BkSq to a massage at or a mocha latte from
hey, do you have my mobile first book from abookapart?
(Francois de la Rochefoucauld) Those who apply themselves too closely to little things often become incapable of great things.
Headed to kick-off planning meeting in Paducah- stay tuned for details, big things are coming!
got trust issues
If you're ready to leave, don't come crawling back to me.
words cannot begin to explain how much I despise you right now.
RT : Just convinced a solo runner to finish the last 20 miles I can only hope to have that kind of strength one day
hope it helps. keeping fingers crossed. :)
wow long time no tweet.
Wow I forgot about that! Im deleting it now!
: yes i was scared it was gunna come eat me! :O
WARNING: My Twitter account has been hacked. If you receive a "direct message" from my account, please do NOT click on the link. Argh!
I have to tweet so I can rub my adventures on everyone's face :)
If you need sightseeing tips, let me know. I live in Seattle and have season tix for the Sounders.
Some things will never be the same.
R Kelly going waay back with this Share My Love song!
me too, looks pretty black in the sky..logie of course threw a fit abt being wet & muddy.but blake luved it.
Our Love For BTR is Endless. <3
So proud of the Oklahomies who made BEAUTY IS EMBARRASSING. It's one of the most well received films I've ever seen at
It's a red letter day already... The bus' change drop is jammed and I almost always pay in quarters, so free bus ride! Woop!
Oh, good! I'm weirded out by spiders but I go through great lengths not to kill anything. Except fruit flies.They drink my booze
Sometimes when you work with ignorant ass people you forget that you can't lose you're cool at a professional settiing.
when you tweet a picture like that no one will notice the bracelet :3
#IfIDieYoung I'd be happy
so what sitting still is boring :)
....peeing in panties over this album....
#gutfeelings are always right
how have you been?
Mike - just realizing that it's you sending me this note. Thanks for the feedback! We look forward to seeing you Monday! :D
awesome thanks for the post keep blogging girl..i love it
the wrestler? do you smell what the rock is cookin'?
agreed. One week with a new tech is not enough.
don't take any self-righteous sh!t from anyone....
Port St fb blueprint:all non-conf=$$$ and run Triple Option.. Best D=good ball control O and easier to recruit for..
Come to me and I will provide you with all three. And maybe even a lil churrito or two. (Healthier than a Big Mac. Promise.)
<U+C548><U+B155> <U+D558><U+C138><U+C694>, <U+C131><U+D76C>! Did I spell your name correctly?
- what was that french nail art blog you were telling me about?? Forgot the name and it's killing me trying to find it!
You people...
SECRET LIFE OF THE AMERICAN TEENAGER <3
This would be a fine time for Nick Johnson's first hit of the year.
Its nice to see that baseball preseason games are starting
On valentines day: Expectation- To get chocolates & flowers from someone special. Reality- Alone at home, surfing the web.
Good-morning
My friend gave me Pink Smog as a gift, and my first thought was "PINK SMOG would make great knuckle tattoos." Stay tuned.
You've given me a great reason to unfollow you.
Don’t judge me for my choices when you don’t understand my reasons..
Have an #edtech story tip or idea? DM or email me at troscorla at convergemag.com
Time is our most valuable asset, yet we tend to waste it, kill it, and spend it rather than invest it. Jim Rohn
Come on out tomorrow, May 8th, 8pm, at The Otter House, downtown Fred. Va. on Princess Anne St.! Two bands will open for us! $10 at door!
Doug Collins: "Lavoy [Allen] played well." ... That was all.
Yacht Club status <U+0001F44D>
Phillip Phillips is such a hottie <U+E022><U+E418><U+E106>
Alrighty, bro! I appreciate you taking the time to listen to it!
DAmn right shoo..who knows what can happen!!!
Attending #hfes2011? Hop on over to booth 22 and check out SMI’s new #eyetracking glasses!
what do you consider specious?
Taking the orange line to noho c:
No, we don't do $50 sew-ins, because we actually do them right.
I'm on our team training call right now. Who wants to join me and learn more about the Forever Living business?
My goodness! Pot pie for lunch and dinner today! Tried some. So good! you gotta try it.
I will. Fina go get it now.
#cheers to the freakin #weekend! go out and reedem those $1 bartab #drinks to make the weekend even more fun!
Now that was pretty funny.
Nice rip by Lopez! If he can continue that he will be on this major league club!
Thoroughly enjoying my current location but would love to be at the same time. Still remember attending the inaugural year.
Good morning!
Mastering a new single for the multi-talented Joey Stuckey right now. Just finished a cool single for Vicinal called "Alone."
Crack is Wack kids.
ITS ON!!! SEASON FINALE OF CASTLE!!!!!!
About 2 Record My Version of Marvins Room.
I hate typos. My own more than anyone's.
agreed. Side note - gravity :}
Sux. Am really surprised. Hey--doing ACE project on univ of 2050--any ideas?
Thank You Abby it's delightful to hear from you, everything is good! so happy you like the collection XO Cindy
Coburn on Daily show: Lies about Medicare at first, then says taxes will have to be raised. So not completely insane.
I don't wanna go to school :(
Mad ass hell I locked my keys in my car and these fuckers taking all day
I love Cher Lloyd..she is flawless okay
#random: there are some very crazy people in this world.
thanks for the suggestions :)
actually, don't. That's personal Sandra time. can come though. ;)
Can we just highlight your finest achievement?? Taco bell.
safe travels BB.
so fucked for this test its disguisting
I earned the Ten Pound Club badge on Lose It!
call me!
Merry Christmas to all and to all a goodnight!
Glad to have you here; we hope they mastered social media! #4H #CoopExt ^RS
On this date: In 1763, the English lexicographer, author and wit Samuel Johnson first met his future biographer, James Boswell.
Camper: There's a leak over my bunk!Counselor: Shh! Don't make such a fuss. Soon everyone will want one.
Come join us for Chuy’s Hot to Trot 5K & Kid K from 7:45-11am at Chuy's Arbor Trails in South Austin 4301 W. William Cannon!
I need your help!!!!!
That sucks nigga.
I love that song…always reminds me of the DXARTS years
start applying! I should be visiting Sweden for midsummer not sure since the hubby might be working. Any plans to visit the US?
In the defense of members of my family, close friends and my future children, North Carolina- you got it WRONG.
The lady's for mob wives chicago are so ugly and oldd
network network network Make sure you're adding key contacts if you're on Linked In (and looking for your next job)
I think most people would rather be a packer backup than a viking starter.
How To Grow Taller Children - A Guide On How To Accelerate Growth In Children Through The Right Combination Of Nutri......
From nothing, right now, I am the possibility of love, freedom, full self expression and endless creativity!
Lots of people here at the #ulga-yp meeting. Wow!
yay!!!I hope you pick me :{D
#moverslongisland still available during this week. book now before it's too late! rates are still low, treatment still as good as it gets!
Hey Detroit we r hiring nail techs contact us
Thanks so much! Glad you enjoyed. We're proud to have you as a fan!
All right sac town get ready I'm gonna cinco ur de mayo.
Baby will you Call me... The moment you get there...
oh my goodness the castronovos in your icon!!! SO ADORABLE <3
I'd rather not sleep at all. Sleep is a short death.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 54
IF THAT'S THE WAY YOU WANT IT BABY
-you are beautiful in EVERY single way, cause words can't bring you down. <3
great wonder if ms. Bitch is here today!
Makeup Makes Women Appear More Competent What Malarky!! Does it do the same for Men?
Already RT : shot I feel that!
ps. it just cracks me up,that he has over 40,000 followers. The whole following thing can be sad, when 4 many, it's just a #'s thing
House on Haunted Hill, 1961...didn't SOUND scary....
Seriously, The College Game Day crew is the shittiest, least funny combination of sports analysts around ESPN! How are they still on?
Once again, my life has spun completely out of control.
Little teenage girl wearing short shorts a sweater a scarf and ugg boots, i think you got the season confused....
That's just pathetic. “: And it was a suited-up business man.”
How did the organizers of #SMBMAD know I was jonesing for a cinammon roll? This spread rocks!
Local news is killing it today. ": Steven Powell was "sexually out of control" his entire life. His trial picks up in an hour."
It's a kind of day.
You prepping for High School Football yet?
im so bored i could eat a camel :p
RT : Tightest brand in the world? The Green Bay Packers. Open to debate, but it'll end in fisticuffs. ^RS have to agree
You're going to barbecue (and skewer) Browns executives, right?
is it next Thursday yet?!? I am MORE than ready for the midnight premiere of The Hunger Games!
He just sits there, and stares at like the wall. Haha
That's cool , just leave me out .
that there is often a hostility in the US towards things like striking, that they wouldn't get to the point described.
I'm real excited to see you at work today. Just sayin'
Wishing Jamie Lee Curtis and I could Skype all night about Activia.
Oh so you're trying to make me scared again I see? -.- smh at yew, lmao jk. Omg, lucky butt I want pizza. x]
omg I'm sick and I have just one lass today at 9:00 am ;c and I don't wanna go, but I have too :c k sick all day long, bye :c
What's up 850!
thats awesome. thanks for providing those.
neck ache, i wanna massage ;) hahaha my party was amazing <3
I can close my eyes to not see you, but I can't close my heart from hurting
Greg Biffle beats Jimmie Johnson to the checkered flag at Texas Motor Speedway. #Fox7 News will follow the post-race show.
A Canadian girl found his blog and offered him to proofread his articles
“: #mbchats Is it possible to quit the Internet?” Yes. Look out for my carrier pigeon.
Paramount here I come - meeting with the crew, apparently we're making a movie, that's what they're telling me. I'll let you guys know.
Jesus and some lady in Walterboro, South Carolina just saved me 100$!!!
It would be AWESOME if you tweeted me today
I really wanted to make it on this trip, but it won't work. Next time. The photos I've seen are unreal!
I'm a CA native. Earthquake drills in all grades. 5.8 no big deal there, but state codes require specific safety regs not found elsewhere.
Love running into twitterless kate atwell and at Walgreens and winning a free 16x20 poster :)
Happy Friday the 13th
Great talk on social media use in libraryland.
Looking forward to the national fast!!!
Thx for sharing your #getoutandzip ideas! Stay tuned to see if you win!
Thanks so much for including us in your favorite places!
SMi does not guarantee past performances will be indicative of future results.
Huge Patio Party for Therapy Fridays at Devils Martini Old Town Scottsdale Tonight,241 Any Drink til 12am,No and DJ NYC gonna be jumpin!!!
Peanut butter, Avocados, Dark Chocolate, oh my!
and the inside is 0% done hah...
Thanks for the #ff shout out!
What the Chicago Bears value most in the NFL Draft
Save some for campaign contributions MT : I bought 2 tix & if I win, that's a LOT of slummy houses I could knock down/redo
My daughter just told me she didn't love me anymore. And so it begins.
chica I gotta talk to you pronto!!!!!!!!
Lmao. U not bad if u fight a bitch dhat can't fight and u win df.
please follow (: ily
Follow for their latest news, events, and gatherings
Need a 5 Hr Energy, quick!
it froze
damn im 14 o.o
Happy Monday everybody!
yeah I'm thinking the same thing ^^ but I won't for a lil bit still
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetsOnMyNerves ask me if I'm okay 24/7. i get that i'm fucked up, but you don't have to ask me constantly.
first run in about a week. Felt great. I just finished a 3.49 mi run with a pace of 10'58"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
yes! When is this on?
The crew rocked today and the performances hit it out of the ballpark. Picture wrapped Danny Glover. Three more days.
My mother's cruising in the Caribbean. Hadn't yet heard of the earthquake in Haiti. Information is, indeed, power.
Nobody ever reads the rules for Monopoly except when an argument breaks out.
i'd like to apply to be the internet's editor.
Good thing there was nothing on the DVR. Hopefully, #unlv has enough in the tank to win this game.
Avengers is staying on top for a good reason
Sorry guys no live tweeting tonight...but come on folks...you do not want to miss out.
Mama Darlene () on the hunt for a disposable grill to feed the family. We still in here y'all.
The moment Sophomore Review is over I'll be a happy woman.
Subway must have introduced a new Genius feature, because they just suggested I might like a drink with my sandwich
Watching the waterboy talk about a
just in case..:) lol im not gunna annoy him tho this is the last night ill ask aha but 330 524 8771
Actually bro, I feel all that you are saying. There are also some young people 5th graders,
The ones that survived enjoyed it
The Prettiest Girls Always Have The Most Valuable Minds ;)
soon i will be back from holiday,wait for me bitches! i got big surprises for you!
you guys are the illest
insomnia on-line Christmas shopping mode. Kind of fun when you are half asleep.
I'm in a bad mood today! >:(
I love my city but the IDGAF level is horrible these days with these strippers lol
It's difficult for me to tell (from the plot alone) whether there are really thematic differences between the speeches
An anonymous someone made me smile today: tiny cartoon shrimp sticker on the outside of my classroom door!
#Somewhereinthehood the #WinWinSituation becomes the trend ! So do we ahahah #WinWinSituation the new trend
No offense I'm juss saying how I feel!!
What kinda car?
Laundry on a Wednesday. Yup, that kind of weekend.
lol there are a lot of random things I miss about basketball season <U+0001F61E>
Got to work late, and I'm ready to leave early. Lol.
Yes it is totally worth everything.
Lost on those myself. Doesn't make me want to watch football though. ;)
i feel like you're not suppose to "appreciate" the tutors by eating the food that's there to "appreciate" them.
Labor Day??? Yep, we're open from 9am-2pm. Last minute grilling accessories and more available for your convenience!!!
I wish my dorm room came equipped with a fireplace... That would be nice... :-)
great tips.. thanks
I wonder if I have love & basketball on DVD lol
Really really really great movie
People who complain over stupid stuff <<<
The Pacer's suck smfh lol
The little asshole on the street sold me an ice cold, uncooked hot dog. I went back and threw it in his face & demanded a new one
Looks awesome! Sadly I'm at Stanford :( But I've signed up for the group now! Have a good one!
Just spent about 4 hours straight playing Tribes Ascend... damn, I love this game...
Bout to go in the heat and cut some grazz
today is gunna suck!
Bulldogs crush Idaho State! Go Dawgs!
you serious????
#uppers The great thing is that this show is a refreshing bit of rationality and conversation each weekend. Thank you.
great day of shopping lol
RT : Can Weight Loss Help African American Breast Cancer Survivors?: Newswise — Researchers at the University of Illi......
is valued at $1.5B. You gotta be kidding me.
#Let'sBeReal, I call girls Bitches cause they'll roll over and beg, but turn yo back and they'll Bite you in tha ass!
“: as in you are chowing on what chia pets grow from?? P.S. come visit” hah no no and I'm hoping to really soon!
First tennis spaghetti supper #word #dyinglaughing #yummy!
Fellow GSO'ers kick off your weekend at Murphy's Irish Pub with free pizza! We'll be starting at 5:00pm. See you there!
now don't be mean andrew. i know you're gonna be working on ie6 all weekend so just relax and enjoy 2001 :-p
Happy Mothers Day
Do you think there is anyone at the other end of the phone when someone has to say "Hello..HEllo....HELlo....HELLo.....HELLO"?
It's too early.
I'm tweeting to get sleepy!
Pete Peterson invited Paul Ryan to his deficit meeting next week despite him voting for the Bush tax cuts, Iraq war, Medicare Part D & TARP
yeah in the end I think how he handled Ovechkin was best for the team as a whole
Start there and the culture will shift itself. Cars are too expensive to drive and maintain for working poor, so public transit...
#Np One Direction - one thing <3
You make some compelling arguments (re: half days and gin and tonics). I'll keep you posted.
Listening to some old school Ernie Halter and going to job interviews...wish me luck and LISTEN to him:)! Later ya'll, C
Free Dole Whips! Book a Disney World Package for 2011 or 2012 and get free Dole Whips for the family, as our gift to you! Call us at...
Do you have a Facebook fan page to like it ?
hahaha I miss you TO!!!! How is everything?! How'd your first semester go?!
All moved into our new office in North Beach! It's a few blocks away from Linden Labs.
Accepting books all year round!! dont let books pile up at home, let us be your book"holders" !!
Yes, it is very big!
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. Robert Collier
David Hume~ Art may make a suit of clothes but nature must produce a man.
#iThankGod that I'm blessed enough to be healthy and Alive !
Forgot how late games come on here. Sheesh!
The day I wear a silk shirt and heels to work, I'm assigned an outdoor liveshot about the stormy weather.. just got pun'k by the news gods
Austin fundraiser for includes attorney described having "larger impact on the 78th Legislature than many representatives did."
thnx for replying, will definitely go thru the qtr. Appreciate it.
I'm very happy with how my NIT bracket is shaping up.
Renton weather station doesn't have available records & the COOP station is missing info too!
“: That's home run No. 10 for , #Athletics and #Rangers tied 4-4 in the 7th.”
Truth finds no asylum. - German Proverb
Printers Ball was tremendous last night! We had a ton of fun, we hope y'all enjoyed the zines! Mad thanks to the organizers, you're heroes!
“Style is the image of character.” -Edward Gibbon
I should what? xD
Great time at Cal Poly Pomona earlier today! Genghis Cohen on Thursday!
I'm going to tweet 4 of my AMAZINGG followers today, just to see how you are all doing and to send some love <3
Just found my dad playing on the scooter again.. Definitely a
Last night = me: "hey dad are you gonna eat in the kitchen?" My Dad: "nah i wanna watch the Pauly D Project"
Thank you to everyone who applied to the focus groups!! If you didn't get a call don't be discouraged... just keep trying
Go broke on clothes bitch I cash out
Free 6:00 concert in Scripps Ranch tonight (Hoyt Park), Gary Seiler & the Coast Riders (Jimmy Buffet tribute band)
Kill no more pigeons than you can eat.
I wish I could be the host of Punk'd !
When we buy from farmers’ markets, and don’t spend money on unhealthy foods, corporations get the message loud and clear.
If life had a reset button like games did.. I'd eventually get away with robbing a bank
I miss my puppy.
Santorum - worse debate performance possible. Terrible.
I'm scaring people because I'm so angry.
Missed you at SXSW! Maybe next time!
Greinke on-deck.
Anything that Rihanna touches turns to gold...
Two weeks from today men's basketball has it's first official practice.The journey to be champions begins.
“: haa! i can hear the click of his platform glitter heels now...” truth
Very nice.
im not ufollow u
and there was a roll call and the bots crashed the party
: It isn't too late!!! Join #RelayForLife and sign up at the field tonight!!! Doors open at 6:30 pm on Harbin Field.
Have you discovered Screen Import on the Edit Menu? You CAN import easily from other sites...
ugh fuck man ;
when people get into other people's lives and they think its okay.
#RT if you love your boyfriend/girlfriend. (:
you got science all over your apples!
I don't think anyone's tweets today are going to be anything other than mentioning....PACKERS, PACKERS!!!!!!! Celebrate with a vacation!
2- were starting to slowly fall apart and I do not want that at all :( hopefully one Day we can be as close as we use to be or the way (c)
Thank God its Friday, once again!!!!!!!!!!!
It's almost the weekend and we're ready to head up north to Red River to play and record some live tracks at The Lifthouse!
Thanks to everyone that made it to our speed networking event last night, it was great to meet you all!
that explains ALOT.....
RT Shoutout To My New Followers TYSM for including me in the list!
Tomorrow! Wednesday! 5/2/12 BE WATCHING for freebies & HUGE announcement!
will you please follow me please please please :) I would legit start crying if you noticed me!!!
I'm not surprised. buddy doesn't trade. he doesn't draft wrs or ol early. and they need an upgrade.
that wad funny as fuck lmao
also Friday Jason Derulo coming to the fair
missed you! hopefully next year you join us again!
A science is any discipline in which the fool of this generation can go beyond the point reached by the genius of the last generation.
I finally did it. Glad I did.
you took about 4 years to reply, SAAN !
It's the Dennis Eckersley look!
Lolololol it's okay, I trust her!
I'm working sister! #Grassroots!
In Lockhart this weekend? Grand Opening at our newest location in the Chisholm Trail Vet Clinic. Sat 6/18 10-2pm. Food, Drinks, and...
I was born to
you ain't lyin. Kobe's fg% is terrible but, at the line he guaranteed
No lie no lie
Yay "good discipline they do a lot of things well got a good team concept going up to the plate" give the #Indians some love
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIM!!!! hope you have an amazing day and year!
- It's not "1 or 2" cases. Digital self-pub (web or e-book) of "out-of-print" personal backlists is the new normal for authors.
Hanging out with my sister and nephew I love them so much!!! <U+2665>
I can never get tired of watching Community's A Fistful of Paintballs episode. Its epic.
Guess jazz will be in the house tomorrow sleeping her night away ! :/
Add me pin:32E817B3
Que lo Que EH!!!
I'm at Dick's Den tonight on N. High St. In Columbus 10-2. Killer joint w/ a great hang! W/ Brett Burleson, Andy Woodson, & Max Button.
Bleh , trying to braid .
I spy with my very own eye a cute Mexican guy at fresh and easy with long hair :)
Still shopping? Botanica has great stocking stuffers, gift cards & memberships are always nice too! Open til 9pm tonight!...
Regardless of Idiots "out there" FLOTUS has TREMENDOUS gravitas among poor & disadvantaged where pregnancy rates are HIGH!
I had oomfs moaning real loud lol
Brothel sisters on the loose
“: Just bought my tickets for the ! Can't wait. Maybe I'll finally get to see win in person!” See you soon!
thanks for the new tunes!!! At last!!
No one understands a role better than Our Hero. You should know that.
Earthquake weather anyone?
RT : A&Rs ain't in the streets. I'm forced to follow them on Twitter.
Ya know how the Boyz “have” to stay in California for another day? What if they surprised us & showed up at the VMA’s!!
<U+2730><U+2730><U+2730>Happy Independence Day!!<U+2730><U+2730><U+2730>
Pat Casey on NW Sports Tonight talking about his 2012 squad
Muhammad Ali To Attend Frazier's Funeral
My bad... Hahahaha! (I was there for three nights in a row and I think I still have mud in my ears from that weekend!)
I really admire Tumblr for taking a stand on this Internet censorship bill. Anybody else find their stint awesome?
Right on cue rickie!
While NYers have to deal with a sidelined Jeremy Lin, alas, we can celebrate a year of no state sales tax on shoes and clothing under $110
If you left your coat here tonight, we have it! Just stop by tomorrow between 10:30am and 6:30pm and tell us what it looks like.
im holdin my niggas down son.
oh hush. :) You've grown up if anything!
oh no...your brother was probably the most interesting part of that town...
And you thought we were done! New updates and the second installment of SNN coming in January!
We like snow in Seattle!
Yum! I made some amazing #glutenfree banana bread using almond meal and coconut flour!
Less than an hour away until complimentary New Belgium Dig Pale Ale at !
Had a great social media training session with our team in Australia. It’s going to be great to work with the folks Down Under!
#20ThingsAboutMe life scares me.
Seems like a good day to just drink....
Life seems harder when you have a good heart. You help too much. You give too much. You trust too much. And most of all, you love too much.
calls Henry Jenkins one of the godfathers of participatory culture
So I was surfin the interNATE and I decided that I should tweet you.. Love you bro! :D
Hello Booze!
Friday night fights @ Harrahs in AC with ESPN
Vortex 2 fourth dimension...go go go
I hate it when tall people wear heels. Way to make me feel like an ant
I would rather be going to school than work right now.
#wizards with a little 5 game win streak at the end of the season. I like Whitman. Like the youth. Don't like less ping pong balls 4 Davis
I did enjoy that one...
Really would love to maintain 3 twitter accounts, but can't keep up! Come find me at main and side project :) xoxo
Walking wit mah dolls den shopling for a special someone
Great soccer match, Man City dominated for the W
Kind of you, buddy! Have we gotten you a tour of this place yet?
Just A Dream by Carrie Underwood <3 such a sad song.
"I think the key is for women not to set any limits."-Martina Navratilova
I'm spreading happiness for the good of humankind!! I want to achieve my dreams but I need help from my friends! I've seen u live!<3
Can't wait to celebrate my antlers off on #NYE !
RT : The Lucky One! Guys-take your girl to see it. It's a great movie no matter what gender you are.
Joint Finance Committee discussing the budget lapse, incl $70 million in proposed cuts to UW system. Rep. Richards: "This is the wrong way."
my fav wilco song. Poor Places.
yeah. Those Indians. World Series baby! I'm feeling just as delusional as you Sox fans.
I have been listening to country music more and more.
finishing up my arrangement on Yellow Submarine this morning. I'm excited to hear it!
We are taking a short break and will review #120032 Storytelling Arts when we return.
Who REALLY Know's "Victoria's Secret" ? Hm :\ lml
Why can't I just pass
man you have the perfect name baby!:)
thank you for your Bronze sponsorship for
I want #76 to do well because their assistant coach Brain James is a good friend of mine
When a Mexican man's gf refuses 2 sleep w him unless he can smuggle her in2 the US he'll do anything 2 get across the Borderline
had an awesome time last night ...oh boy NYCers are intense lol
I can't take credit. Just relaying PJ wisdom. I'm with you about ! He's amazing, no doubt.
Now you sound #brandnew, ZsaZsa. But, I get it. Do your thang. No hate,
Decided to stop in Durham, NC to see if I could check out
Me and 4 alpha males. Buckle up.
Back home to Vegas from Cali and already on my grind. Meeting went well today, hopefully I will start work soon!
alright. I'm off to bed loko. Good night. Don't fa get to hmu :) sweet dreams.
It's so great finally speaking to him ^_^
Dance party in my living room watching finale on my DVR...shhh, don't tell me the results.
Oh Portlandia, I'll be glad to see you
Catching up on email after a few hectic weeks
Never think your irreplaceable. If you will do it someone else will too...and better
Survey: Consulting and project management are most common services offered
so bennu-jealous right now. Come play sf, and bring one of their comfy chairs with you?
I fucked up my toe somehow.
looking forward to it (and coffee even sooner!) cc/
Heading to the Everglades with 50 folks from #cof2012 Family Philanthropy conference.
Great! As am I. How 'bout Church Key? I think you rec'd it to me a while back, and I love their beer selection.
I've always loved good graffiti and street art. But looking at photos from the past, the world just looked better without it.
I'm checking out now :( it was just a weekend getaway
send me one lol
Sometimes I wish that I did not have any feelings. Feeling too vulnerable.
When someone follows you, so you follow them back, and then they unfollow you. Seriously? Fuck you
I don't use drugs, my dreams are frightening enough. -M.C. Escher
I like the word "swiffer"
Have they done any math? or is math too for ?
I hope everyone had a fabulous day. Wishing you an even brighter tomorrow!
I already have coffee, thanks. :)
Just checked myself in (online) for tomorrow's flight to Google #io2011. Should be fun!
this is a lose lose for me, hate both teams.
Finishing school work at the last minute for class tomorrow, aahh.
(iced coffee rescue!) Have no fear, frapachino is here! Here I come to save the day!
Me too. I improve my english with a software called Word List Expert. It list all words from any text.
aww u had to do was tweet me lol ;)
Want to stay up to date with the latest herbal information? Follow our Twitter feed today!
The obvious question no one (?) is asking: If #OBL was "resisting," what exactly was he resisting? Arrest?
Bed time,
SCRATCH THAT, MORE THAN THIS MUSIC VIDEO TOMORROW!!!!
Thanks Jocelyn. I feel fancy. LOL!
no really thank you!
How would the candidates deal with Iran or NK? Let's start with being able to find them both on a map.
followed :D
Shallow hall is on. Love this movie!!!
Just checking to see how the book marketing is going? Since I'm a week behind, I saw you had some interest from agent?
big office moving day. moving forces me to throw stuff away. not enough, but it is a good start.
that would be sweet to watch the beach boys! How much are tickets??
DOING WHAT I HAVE TO DO TO GET WHAT I NEED DON
Shit I need a new job
late entry off the podcast for the SI cover: bubba-bang-biscuit!
good looking
Just got back from local auto dealership. It's a Cash for Clunkers zoo out there! Story to come on 12 News.
We are playing in San Diego on the 15th (next friday) Come chill?
Just like that we working! The #WatchMKE official website will be done by
lol yeah yeah :-p
his ahh got cleared
No plans for tonight? Head on down to Mo's Irish pub for great entertainment!
Technically, I think it's a non-Newtonian fluid. Still, smart girl.
Ugh, that SUCKS.
If you are headed to Charleston Conference Nov. 2-6, I am going to organize an informal dinner. Let me know....
Justin Bieber And Zayn Malik,My Inspiration
RT! ": Eating food and STILL being hungry <<<"
tomorrow should be fun ;)
ALL MODELS NEEDING ASSISTANCE W/ THERE CAREER COME JOIN #HLE YOU RECEIVE FREE PHOTOSHOOTS & FREE VIDEO PLACEMENTS! HIT UP
At our favorite sushi spot with yum!!
One game? One game?! Try every crucial game that LeBron has ever played in!
So far it's very quiet...here's hoping the whole day stays this way
yes! i have been lots before..the funny part is NYC is so not like most of America..probably much like Sydney! :)
Eggs of an hour, bread of a day, wine of a year, a friend of thirty years. Italian Proverb
I actually like him. Sucks he's been having trouble. I have a soft spot for goalies. Dated one in high school.
Thanks for the quickie, Chicago. See you in April. I have to get back now. I think Los Angeles is beginning to suspect.
Clap when you spell a word.
Come check out the new decorations that are going up around RPS! We are gearing up for Valentines Day <3
Holding and swaddling baby during a blood draw can reduce their pain levels significantly, according to a medical journal.
So cool!
we should write a song together.
FOLLOW BACK:) AND PLEASE TELL PPL CHECK OUT MY MUSIC THX
Ford, Edison, Jobs..all put a ding in the universe. That's what great innovators do. RIP Steve.
Thanks for the shout out ! We look forward to Public Exposure tonight.
welcome! That's what friends are for <3 I'll always be here.
Some people can't grasp that everything is a two-way road, you get what you give. So don't expect a whole lot when you give so little
hey alli its doug from troys acting class
It's Wilson 4 Central. But everyone calls it the Harry Potter Room b/c it looks like the main hall at Hogwarts.
that's a good point. so much GOOBing cc
Neither of the two Manchester sides have broken through yet, Newcastle concedes goal at Everton...
: oil tax? With gas $4 / gallon. Good luck
pls let him also put free food in my mouth.
awww get well soon. Everything is going well, refuse to complain. Just working non-stop. Good to hear from you.
Thanks all for joining us at our webinar today! cc:
“I knew I shoulda taken that left turn at Albuquerque (Uptown)!” - Bugs Bunny ;0)
eh my bf has been here for over a decade...he's pretty sweet :-)
Same! RT : I'm in. Holding space on my calendar. Very cool! See you then!
STOP EFFING TWEETING ABOUT THE PACERS AND JUST WATCH THE DAMN GAME!
#TBS has no signal. My morning is ruined!
I've learned that no matter how much I care, some people just don't care back. But I will continue to care.
I've considered unfollowing you too only when you get to talking about Marquette too much. Haha
Get the ball into LA!
wow, the wind today is kind of insane. I'm glad I get to stay in my flannel pj pants and sweatshirt as I do work...
Good about El Patio! Thought you had left town too soon. Enjoy and namaste!
Why are you single?
I'd cap that! It's an app
"only your heart is worth the glory" - Braid
If you smoke a lot of cigarettes & gaze out of a window while your foot is propped up on something you can figure out pretty much anything.
Ten failed with hashtag for #bikiewars They want #bikiewars10 !
SING IT, SISTER!!
Right on! #Bruins back on track. Go B's!!
RT : : It's Hammer Time on Sunday. Don’t miss a special halftime performance
is a stuck up sorority hobag – dude, I hope your 2012's John Rich.
It's a zombie kind of weekend, so i'm reading WARM BODIES by
The Philadelphia Flyers are whistling past the graveyard. If the series is played on skill. the Pens will win in 5 or 6.
Or, alternatively, it's just the Empire and they can do whatever the hell they feel like doing, even if it makes no sense.
more important he focus on getting on base than swinging for the fences though
Gunna release a new song within a week or 2, who's ready?? :)
An eastern conference final of Philly and Indy sounds so good to me. Commish stern will def not allow that though
just making sure...
I think this data can be crowdsourced and licensed to developers more cheaply. I'd love to tackle this at a Startup Weekend.
not being on tumblr all day has its advantages. one of my edits of Rupert reached 360 notes.
“: Are there any studies that have proven that rejection causes hunger? #feedme” grindin'
Cleaning my aunts house brings back old memories. :)
ha real funny..
I like a girl with a lil height.
Haha. Honestly, I'm not even surprised.
Trip up to Rochester. Don't miss out! Or Utica Club.
Go-Karts & Bumper Boats open at noon today. Hope to see you here!
RT : FOLLOW & ANOTHER #MUSICGENIUS FROM OUR ANOTHER PLANET
Thanks Steve. I appreciate it, following;)
What? Wow... His shirtless scenes in American Psycho are one of the reasons I can't quit watching!
Ava is back up and now over her birth weight! 8 lbs 1 oz!! My sweet overachiever :)
Thanks for the #FF mention yesterday :-)
what time are you coming in?
Help single mothers return to school.
Oh I'm so curious yeah!!!
I LUFF YOU GUYS!!! KEEP THE FOLLOWING GOING!
is thinking that maybe if she went to class, did her reading, and turned in things on time, she wouldn't be pulling an all-nighter.
A BIG THANK YOU for the follow! Have a great day!
After haveing a bomb ass day yesterday, today is going 2 drag like a queen...
I don't care if you like me ! I'm not a Facebook status !!
Damn thats fucked up. How they get ur card?
Im honestly really negetive about everything, and people usually hate my opinion.
Java is an open-source language. Long-term that copyright verdict only hurts the industry and Oracle.
on a double date at the braves game.. They did it fancy too.. My friends got clout
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow <U+E32D><U+E32C>
Who's hungry?!?
Operation MEDSHARE this Saturday! Are you joining us?
If someone is quick to walk away from you, be slow to chase after them.
school. & are you close to there?(:
i forget i have a phone sometimes.
swear! I owe him SO many assignments but I seriously see no point in doing them. its not even worth it.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow Girls want a lot of things from one guy. Conversely, guys want one thing from a lot of girls.
#Niners Game was Great.. #TimTebow and Broncos need to do the same...
1ST THING UR GOING TO DO WHEN UR DONE WITH THE DENTIST? TAKE A PICTURE!!! :)
Thanks for the crafty love. this was so worth the work. :)
AJ Ellis is a born leader. When he takes a day off, so does the rest of the Dodgers lineup.
I feel stupid the answer to my ?'s "is right in front of me"but i pretend it's not true . \='"and i wont believe "need some fresh air.
hahaha. Tell me about it!
Pennsylvania. I haven't been to California or Flordia i guess those parts of the US are nice
Uh Houston, we have a problem in Cleveland.....
don’t talk to him, he’s mine don’t look at him, he’s mine don’t smile at him, he’s mine don’t touch him, i’ll kill you :p
Someone looking for some brunch options?
hey now! That's ny home town boy! Lol
No wht since ppl have so much sh*t to say on twitter yall have my number nd you no were i am #CallMeBeepMeIfUWant ToReachMe
Love Justin.tv, such a cool webpage
it's not loading for me. It must not be iPad/iPhone friendly. Boo. What a tease!
forgot to promote #FreeBandsFriday i mean it is today and my bday cmon say it one time for me lol
#NOSCA adds the perspective, that students who go through a CTE program get added bonus of learning the utility of their lessons.
Thanks luv RT : #FF THEIR PRESENCE CAN'T BE REPLICATED
bbq then later we'r going to the movies :)
I resemble that remark!
Doing demos and meeting with the hip and trendy at Enterprise Connect Orlando
Sharks are winning Yesh
alright alright dne
i love it I love it I love it when u eat it
Very encouraging... I would love to get your real 140 character opinion of any of my novels... >giggling< >sheepish grin< ;)
scratch dat "get me bodied"
they do it to the kids on poor countries,animals,homeless, even high school dropouts .. but never"hey heres a check for some money to help"
Hey what's up?
since when are weatherman bangable?
“: Yall remember how goldust was cutting edge and you thought wtf...give brodus a chance”. Thank you.
ethosIQ is seeking qualified Pashto linguists for translation and interpretation requirements for the US Army. Call 281-616-5711 for info.
Do you know how cute you are?? ;)<3
« Maybach trying to hoop I might quit my job to go hoop lol» lol u work tomm?
OMG!! Yoda is dying :'(
School starts August 8 and there is still time to sign up!
I would do it, but I don't know enough about Diablo. Never played it.
y is that
#oomf nose is EPIC big G, like if she breathe in we wud all die of loss of oxygen
cool! what's up?
Excited to meet now that the and deal has gone through
I wouldn't stress out too much about catching that one. I've actually made *real* movies, believe it or not. ;)
s16 expo with my bitch
Pop records are being killed right now! Me and have been working today!
Wat u no bout boy
cool, i can try this joke again on the 12th then!
worst thing i had to get over was a few months ago..
good morning! hope u guys have a great weekend!!!
Thanks for the retweet.
actually though just read fan fiction between Aaron & Meghann Fahy. the one who took over Natalie after Jenn left
I got ready in like 6 fucking minutes and then my mom is like "oh no wait you can stay here i have to come back anyways" what the fuck
I love seeing parents put their kids on leashes . That shits helarious
RT Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins. -1Peter 4:8
The first Friday after the first full week of teaching seems so much like a lie. At least tomorrow's a chance to sleep in.
that boy.
iTriage is at the Healthcare Leadership Council today presenting to congress members!
Uhh skin tone? Haha come on you know better than that ;)
purple haze on deck ...4/20
I love LA diversity - as I ate, the owner of a downtown restaurant fluently screamed at her staff in at least three languages
": Damn those Belgians thinking they have any sort of bearing on me, don't they know we're above the law? Shame #keissepayment"
Maybe the most interesting part of : German as secret language. What a simultaneously specific/non-specific folk-group identifier
That is such a cute picture! :)
when does ray mysterio come back to the wwe
Had such a wonderful birthday!! Thanks to everyone who made it so special!
You're welcome. Such a great story!
try eating a biscuit with Honey on it washed down with some OJ if that doesn't work drink some water and prop up with pillows
cool! I love it here:)
Movies and walking around with skylarrrr<3
TRAFFIC - Crash - Park St Onramp to EB Belt - Police on the scene
Happy to say I am in my studio working today. What will you create this week?
Big Bank Roll!!!!!
When you realize that the beast is actually within each of you!
Steaming clothes like crazy for the photoshoot on Sun!
its actually kinda scary being sick and having an obstructed airway
RT ElfriedeOkken As soon as I got my money we'll go wherever you like.
Hoes before bros.
its my birthday !!!!ya
what's happening on the karaoke front ?
Saw #InTime tonight. There were some unexpected political statements along the way which were surprising and thought provoking.
Chen is getting hit Hard all over the place. Get him out.
getting ready 4 trip to Abu Dhabi to meet u & golf - long trip from Portland, OR... advice 4 jet lag?
I'm hear to please the listeners! RT : if I call & request the Eagles Fight Song are u required 2 play it??
Did anyone else hear on tonight's episode of ? Way to go Britt!!
Houston Public having great success with having two city services in some locations
Tough time of year for coaches..grind of recruiting trail plus incoming guys signing professionally=depression!!
I swear every time I hug milby he hugs me so tight I can barley breath ._.
((peace and calm))
Amazing concert ,had a great time c:
Do any art & design programs hold online portfolio shows? That seems like it would be a very modern thing to do.
RT : Early warning is drawing leadership attention to pre-diagnosed specific events with foreseen possible implications
First day of classes at my new job. Sending well wishes to all who are beginning their fall semester!
iTunes Match activated. I've got songs that need upgrading.
oh Barry... Ur not suppose to drink the whole thing. sounds like u need some taters, eggs and bacon ... W/ red beer :-)
Love seeing all the peeps eating outside on Park Ave. Wish it was like that in my hood. Anyone wanna sit outside of Little Caesars with me?
Cover story in wednesdays TO Sun goes a long way to explaining why TO not a good venue for world class sports events like the PanAm Games
Thanks so much, you always come thru!
Could you be emotionally detached at work and not know it? Sure, if you're detached. There's a party in your head and you're not invited.
lol I hate when it gets that low
Apologies if anyone was befuddled by my latest handle, mixin' it up not trying to sound like a gay porno #TilKingmancome(s) or anything
Weekly comics shipment sure makes getting out of bed early on Wednesday's a lot easier!
Promise its the last. I know, I can't stand the word. Everytime I hear it I cringe.
- Thanks for the welcome! and JHUers - Thanks for following!
Great to connect. Looking forward to helping you take over the #yyc for the Halloween season .
listen to music - it has all the answers
The moratorium on bad jokes about Dick Clark dying lasted less than a minute. How long have they been waiting for this?
Man I need to trip up to GB for training camp so I can get my pic signed by He's doin the Raji in XLV bay-be!!
What types of games are being played How's it going down if it's on til it's gone then I gots to know now is you with me or what?
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Nelson Mandela
Jessica Sanchez covering an Aerosmith song. Man, I hope Phillip Phillips covers "Jenny From the Block."
Missing the weekend
Yu Be Fried
BIO Applauds Senate Agriculture Committee for Passing Bipartisan Farm Bill
I. Hate. Group. Projects.
"As Larry David grew richer from Seinfeld he developed an allergy to caviar, which "was the perfect metaphor for my life."
So... how's it going?
Playing @ Sadie Rene's w Should be a fun gig. Word is a few famous people are showing up!
good morning beautiful
Been checking my twits, and am watching some tv, then got to go to bed might need some viagra tonight.
Front row for Rodgers, Matthews and Coach
X.X
What's better than 1 taco? 2. Like DC's own on 2029 P Street NW, AND 4731 Elm Street. You can get #Belly points at both!
i like yesterday race good job
We want Pittsburgh Dad on GYGS TV
mis ojos are looking extra blue right now
I am a yarn first lady also.
With Andy Kushner Entertainment, Inc. tonight at the Marriott in Bmore for a corporate event!!!
In rare cases when the diagnosis is in doubt, your doctor may suggest blood tests or skin prick testing to confirm your pollen allergy.
Day 4...Prelims at the LVHilton tonight featuring the glam state costume parade with swimsuit and evening gown for all 54 contestants!
Sean Sellers has been an obsession of ours for a while now. We are writing a concept album about him, and the ensuing witch hunt.
I am FEARLESS. I am making hokey pokey with honey, and I ain't skeered neither.
Thanks for the mention, but we make handbags and totes, not jewelry!
"I'm going to go find Ethan a dad to come pick him up".....um did my father really just say that shit to me???
get off twitter and enjoy your day off! Just kidding you are awesome with your fans!
Thanks for attending! RT : Looking forward to the next #LuxBride chat with ! cc
brandon. how old are you?
Will do!
Trendsetting as always!!! - RT #Buckeyes releases says official OSU page on Facebook has 500k followers.Setting the bar high!
dude I have a raging boner after reading your tweet.
If I never take a law class again it will still be too soon. WHY AM I NOT A COMM MAJOR, so much more enjoyable.
I'm happy about it. :)
Good luck! RT Off to #Kona with and crew from
Did anyone notice how the gas is getting highier and highier it is almost four dollars again!!! Hm
Just got a tiny glimpse of the power of using XQuery to manage collections described in EAD, and I think I'm in love.
lucky you! I'm envious.
I'm anything and everything lol
Just wrapped 2nd night of shooting 'The Long Farewell' in NYC. Did I mention that I was the Lead? Yeah, there's no turning back now...
At Johnnies with , we came to see but he's not here!!!
In a Biography of Andy Griffith, he says doing the Andy Griffith Show was like "waking up to go home". Is your job like that?
I didnt even giggle
Just go up to watch the f1 race. Hope its good !!! Have a good people on twitter
Thank you, Same to you!
Drinking straight Skyy. Help
The 3 Ms: Meaningful, Memorable, and Motivational. via Michael Allen
Thank God for unions!
congrats to and for willing social media award. Hard to tweet with trophy in 1 hand (via )
Every year I think that the crop of new shows couldn't be worse. Then I get to the next year.
Morello closes w/"This Land Is Your Land"-the most underrated class war ballad of the century. All the good parts edited out.
I ll miss you all :,(
Teachers union, CPS agree to call in 'fact-finding' panel for contract talks - Chicago Sun-Times
also heard on Marsha you were sick & hope you feel better!
is your date in school
These texts, ah :) haha.
having a film marathon this weekend...can't wait!!
Now if I can find an creative outlet for my love of photography, music, comedy, and cooking, this will be a comprehensive week.
PS: make sure you tell Dan (danwarp) just how much you want Mandy back! #iWantMandyBack ftw!!!! :)
P.S. is doing a fantastic job on pregame stuff. He's articulate and quite frankly adorable. :-)
You are only what you want to be :-P
tell Carrie hello for me and get a twitter!
incredibly underwhelming and disappointing, yet very predictable talk from Pearson. Such a lazy product offering
hahaha catnip scores... crash.test dummy... well crashes and smith gets a penalty.
Oh work you never surprise me .. Guy that said "oh where to you workout, your so fit" it's not working I don't want your old ass
what I find amazing is when people put QR codes on their sites. Just like people that use URL shorteners outside of twitter.
Signs u may be replaced as #soccer coach: Referee asks if you’re the new guy during team check ins.
not yet ;)
That awkward moment when your dog stares you down and YOU actually look away first :)
Watch for upcoming events for the New Year!!
sure if you can hang
All James Harden had to do to get a standing ovation at home was get a concussion from a thug.
saw a squirrel on a pier. it looked very nautical. i wish it had been on the bow of a boat. i would have named it gilligan.
Despite getting caught in a storm, I had a strong 4 miler.
I'm always here for you. <U+0001F49A>
This wacky winter weather continues. A few days ago it was hot, today it's like an icebox. I need to be in the Caribbean!!
Who Wants To See Some More Photos From
62 days until opening day, but who’s counting.
": Some people come into your life as a blessing, and others come into your life as lessons."
Viewing the new #aroundtheworldin80plates on with
dancing with the stars<3
catch a breeze(;
Is everything that comes out of your mouth bullshit?
Going bike riding later with friends. Shall be fun.
I thought you didn't like the Premier League ol chap? MLS far better no? ;-)
“: Just ate some awesome catfish tacos at the smiling moose !!!!!” was it certified monongahela catfish?
Bout to make a hit single titled: "I got money... but I ain't got money like that"
I am about to go out in public in a short sleeveless dress and flip flops. This level of public nakedness has not occurred in years.
GOOD LUCK
FACEBOOK ME @ FACEBOOK.COM (WILLIAM COTTON) YOU CAN SEE HOW I ROCK WITH THE STARS...
Dinner at NY Prime. Robert Duvall just walked in with a hot young piece. Very nice
may have upset you
Fires finally out in cargo hold 2! Broken window and spray paint fixed in corridor 2.
good I'm glad:) but I take it all back cuz u left ur fuckin applesauce in my car, as if it's not trashed enough already u bitch
When does absentee voting start in Alabama?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :3
Guy to other guy, "Tuck your sack back and get a pinterest." Quote of the evening, folks.
It's easy to say what you do; it's difficult to do what you say...
How does a person have a problem with me but they're scared to answer the phone when I call!!
I wish it would just rain. This windy cloudy bullshit is annoying.
Hi Jan, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
“Government is the great fiction, through which everybody endeavors to live at the expense of everybody else.” – Frederic Bastiat
Do the #Marlins have the pieces to make a Gio trade happen? System is very shallow.
I'm up...and "twatterers" sounds kinda dirty lol (Good morning, Sitt !) ;-)
Thx for the follow RT for a shout out
broadcast a show at aaron.tv
no his FIRST name is Michael. Colton is his middle name.
It's hard to engage with #Native communities when you have 9000 of their human remains in the basement.-Hearst Anthro Museum
me too.
this installation is going to have to wait. mhmmm.
I really want to see this. Looks interesting.
watching NBATV IS THT A GOOD MOVIE
Did you know that the Seven Mile Bridge was built in 1982 – in pieces – then shipped to the Keys to be assembled?
The tide is high but I'm holdin on. I'm gonna be your number 1
Awesome weather in #WestlakeVillage over the weekend. Working on #Facebook Fan Pages, SEO and Joomla 1.7 template designs this week.
almost done with the part :)
Palmer, Campbell, Leinart? Wow, if this were 2006 Oakland would have an incredible QB situation...
yes theres a stain on my pants
I know. it's ridiculous at this point.
“: Brewers/Cardinals would be EPIC! Whine and Cheese series!! #BREWDAT”. MILLER vs bud
finna make me a hot fudge
There should be 1-2 Aussie inclusions but I'm a little light in this Issue! Hopefully some other great content though!
This past week was a great archives week. Finished processing 2 collections for different clients. The artifacts and textiles were lovely.
Headed to Friends of Parker Hill meeting
Yeah, there's a Jetblue RT from JFK to MVY for $75. I might bus it and then fly
how do you use a font in a design? Isn't the font on the client?
Oh fuck NO. I got sent to the office? !
Don't ask God to guide your steps if you aren't willing to move your feet
you were missed!
Look forward to your sharing some of your new healthier recipes with us and our readers. Thank you.
I miss you mucho!!!!!
Have a great evening everyone. Hot day today in Chicago. Felt great. Please whoever controls this weather thing- we request more sun.
Gardening tills my soul.
“Beautiful young people are accidents of nature, But beautiful old people are works of art”
The Cabin in the Woods was CREEPY!
I just checked in at Charlottesville, VA using the Amtrak mobile application
Fishbowls full of scotch.
“: Had fun at the harmony sweet tonight. Hayden oh my, Through arteries, and Arisen all did wonderful”
I totally agree! Y'all are rocking it.
If you're traveling through Ohio, you have to stop at a Raising Cane's for me.
Sunday's just feel good after church and having a great family <3
give them the case study or question, have them sit in groups and discuss for however much time is allowed by class (1/2)
Troy Tulowitzki with the Pagan Rule Triple.
Reading the "50 Shades" series for hours before bed makes it ridiculously hard to fall asleep all alone...
Prudence is an attitude that keeps life safe, but does not often make it happy.
If Twitter really understood their user base they'd have a dedicated reply feature used to beg for celebrity attention.
Everyone & their grandmother is hollaring Bama on the money line this wkend - gotta go back and take another look @ this game cuz i like FLA
#BocaBeerFest 5-hour party just isn't enough, join us for the official after-party at Biergarten Boca Raton
Age doesn't matter as much as the grade you're in.
It's already Thursday one more day of work.
Your going to have a great time at YAA. Looking forward to your performance :))
Off droppn new video tomorrow "Derrick rose" 4:00 sharp.that real street shit is here
Agree! RT Wikipedia panel was honest & engaging. One of the best of
Cool trivia: The Kehinde Wiley painting on the cover of 's new CD is hanging in her living room.
Great workout at the gym!!! Feels good to push myself again!!
Join them
Steak, pizza, shoney's and orange leaf. is one hungry dude.
Yes. I'm an addict. Lol
I wish it would rain tonight ;*
So I've decided that is like for thirty-somethings. I hereby dub him, "The Bubes".
Just posted my first YouTube video! <33
that never happens...
ya i think im going to sleep soon going to go pray this nightmare ends soon
In the car on my way to West Palm Beach for a festival!
True...and we complain about that in the summer too. We're never happy, weather wise, it seems LOL.
awww well im kinda busy too :( sucks find somebody like merlyn moose :3
Exactly Dan. Thanx a bunches ;)
Thinking about changing my Twitter name
Congrats, happy birthday!! Looking forward to seeing what is in store from you guys in year 6.
Tell your hubby about the benefits of massage! Maybe he will like our Deep Heat muscle relief?
#MusLearning The things I remember are the things I can connect to things I've already learned, which makes indiv. facts seem less unique
I agree there I learned about that in EDL and kinda worried now D:
Welcome to Philly glad to have you here.
ah im excited!! haha ive wanted to do this for a while!! and when dvd comes out we can watch it together:)
Showed up for practice with a Meow Meow kitty t-shirt
til the end of third
niggq shut up
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =) 6 6
Everybody go follow
Give it up for the ladies! With their 12-game winning streak, #UM has nothing to fear.
yup last time to go crazy until next year
Still have a few tickets left for our new years show at the whisky. Contact us here or at our fb page for info.
First Coffee at home in 21 days. Loved seeing friends & family & ...er... " " & #spacetweeps Home is good though.
what I do
I LOVE TO DANCE*
School tomorrow
To my followers _ if you got a direct tweet from us about someone saying bad things about you, do not open the link. It's a hack link. Sorry
yo just saw your msg! holler back!
damn bro you be sounding like kid kudi! Haha keep it up I like your bars!
Your hair is a "a-mah-zing" to quote Penny from "Happy Endings."
learning about drupal testing at
okay so i havent been on twitter in a while and my followers dropped.
My Sonata for violin and harp to be premiered at the Church of the Advent in Boston on Oct 8 at 8:00 PM.
Anyone coming to Ultra this weekend ?
come tonight
no she doesn't look at her followers and who she follows
Tighten that D! No clean looks #letsgoheat !!!
MT "The U.S. must make things again." When you actually make things, you have jobs.
Take the time to say something positive to at least 2 people today that you don't really know.Your words might just brighten up their day.
Is the Reverend in the house?
aw! Red Rock Saloon lol
StoryCorps collected the wisdom of humanity. Son it will be available online!
I'll just go shopping by myself
I can handle missing #TheVoice tonight, but definitely not #Smash. Dev is being a buttface to Karen!!
Austin's pure perfection.
I scream, you scream, we all scream for gin.
Thanks, I'll check them out.
some bitches for denise and monika B-day
RT : 2/1912 — Eleanor H. Porter publishes ‘Pollyanna’ creating a new word in the English language.
Hating my elbow right now. Its in rely bad pain.
Means says damage to marble at Capitol from tape will cost 7 figures.
#meandyoucantdate because you say you have a jail mentality. #thankyou and
#imagine Niall walks by and you say " OMG " he turns around and hugs you.
A girl in my class is wearing a pink tutu?
even though u didn't pick Kentucky I wish u great success wherever u go u r a talented player wish u had chose UK good luck
hahaa- thank you for the chuckle. That made me laugh. :)
RT : "Zuckerberg will soon be worth $6.5 billion more than Yahoo, which once tried to buy Facebook" via
It's those "special" people who put it all in perspective. RT: And I've also met some real unique individuals too.
A3: Last for me- mHealth has lots of great tools to help manage pop health. Once they can enter data into EHR, watch out. Adios!
Awesome News Brian!
RT "An #Aquarius can make brilliant contributions if allowed to do work their own way."
Wolf: It's correct that the gov't doesn't have to prove that Topazio, McDonough, Vitale payments were all bribes or kickbacks.
Mitsui, Mitsubishi to buy Australia LNG stake for $2 billion
How many NBA games this year?
ALWAYS GET THE PICKLE!
you know what you should do? Play draw something with me.
no idea
Happy Birthday to me 5/15 I was Delivered in #Naptown. The first child to be born in nap. My Roots #Mississippi Southern raised.
yeah I was gonna get $450 for mine.
I just finished a 3.11 mi run with a time of 33:01 with Nike+ GPS.
went to Farmers Market in US yesterday! Amazing produce...do you go?
This Wendy lady that has a TV show scares the living sh*t out of me.
#OnethingImgoodat DANCE! :D
Yeah, it's really fun!
I agree. Much appreciated.
Happy Tuesday, get outside and enjoy this weather! And if you live in the neighborhood, walk on over! :)
Best Star Spangled Banner ever, Body Guard, I Will Always Love You, Preachers Wife...Some of my fav memories of Whitney Houston!
Agreed!:) RT : Remember in 5th grade when you had classes outdoors? Can we reinstate that for offices? At least give us recess!
Thought I had to moodle tonight, syllabus says 15 pager due tomorrow by midnight- had no clue
we can serenade each other with muscle aches and snoring.
#RememberThatKidInSchool who had the same nickname for all of it?
get it!
What do you think of Sabres prospect Pysyk?
#WhenIWasIittle I wasn't taught how to ride a bike and I still don't know how to -__-
I won't be there till mid June, so I will ghave to et the next one. Thanks for reply.
arely you got a signature of lab rats that a memorie , everything is a memorie ! A signature is a better memorie .
umps in attendance disagree w/Ball 4 to Tulo, but that is why they're in attendance and not behind HP; that was never meant to be a strike
Blu monkey in hollywood tonight. Big network gathering roll thru
haha too bad 4 me Amber ;)
Wine and cheese
Two things i love in life. You, and the free promotion site on my profile. great for follows. follow4follow?
8. Refuses to spray the air freshener in the bathroom
Tried to golf this morning for the first time in two years. Home course was closed. Begged my way on at the country club. Success.
Made some back-end changes the other day that appear to be failing today...we'll get 'er back ASAP
#ThatsWhyYouAreLonely you couldnt pay your house on time, so now you have no home due to foreclosure :( Let me help you!
Anyone ever have one of those weeks where it's just like, exactly seven days long? Can I get a witness?
hahaha i've been done for a while!
If the real n_ggas respect it, them squares gone rep it...
I ran out of the bathroom when i heard one direction on the radio screaming yes! Yaay! :D listening to them now :)
haha wrap it up and save it for me for Christmas!
You gotta fight ... For your right ... To PARTY
We don't have to go nowhere. That's not what I want, baby it's you. :)
i really wanted to go see yall today but i cant:/ have fun!!!
I'm watching the Voice
1 Like for a photo
I agree, still think this team, without Prince can contend for WC at least. Melvin will need a smart off season though.
I wanna take you to a shipwreck, a thousand miles under the Black Sea. Looks like everybody's sleeping, but look closer they're dead indeed.
Really? I'm enjoying my HD episodes of Cheers without interruptions.
Ticket booked for Buenos Aires. Any recs? DM me!
Dear "cool people", They didn't name a candy after you, did they? Sincerely, Nerds.
Janelle on teen mom is a dumb bitch lol crying cause she can't blow some trees bitch maybe you need rehab and not probation
M... It's getting cold, everybody pair up!! It's
I don't even want to know why "Justina Bieber" is trending...
"Don't place too much confidence in the woman who boasts of being as honest as the day is long. Wait until you meet her at night!"
Hope everyone enjoys
Alcohol is magic. Removes clothes, opens legs and erases memories.
ACTION is the foundational key to all success.
lol! No - she is ref to someone she won't mention not in present company
YES!!!! Nats will be Wild Card contenders this year. That is, unless Philly totally chokes and we lead NL East.
There is no day or night,time does not exist when u are in love with your project music,songs.Just the miracle of creation celebrates.
watching spongebod with my nephew ;-)
As long as they keep the cookies and milk coming, I'll be fine.
Hakuna Matata part of the Lion King just came on & instantly reminded me of the conversation I had w/ a couple weeks ago haha
Em's verse in Love You is boss even though its slow there's just something about it
I love Especially eminem song lighters featuring Bruno! <3 #AlliWannaSeeIsaSkyFullLighters ! :)
Fleeing north for the night to avoid the adult swim block party.
I'm in! No idea why my run tweeted over here, though...
All this time you were using me; I have to go and get myself away from you
This has been the longest day of my life and I'm finally in my bed
People who lie!
You are the reason i got into music. As Nasty As They Wanna Be was the first album i bought. After that it was on.
Working on my new website - should be ready by next week!
WE are on twitter now!!
50% off 8x10 prints through mpix. Use coupon code fall8x10sale at checkout.
I see Brent and I really suck at SCB.
loving this episode! Great job !
who r u
White people are crazy...
you're welcome anytime!! :)
I hate the fact that most pr releases are file attachments to no-text emails. Bad.
Hey - how's the karaoke culture in #charmcity?
nice. I just started feeling 100% today
U can add me on skype(:
how are things? 'tis been too long ... we should catch up on my next trip to #mke!
Watching Texas vs Texas A&M football on ESPN classic. I can't wait for college football to return next year.
in Frankfort meeting re. current historical trends and what is next for KY history documentation. Cool discussion with really smart people
I want to stab someone and then jump into a pool.. Of their blood.
He said you so proper. I said u so ghetto,
i do plan on breeding wolf dogs in the future....
it's not just you.
I THINK THAT FOR WHAT IT IS THE MTV LIST IS SOMEWHAT ACCURATE AS IT STANDS. I GUESS I CAN CASH IN SOME COOL POINTS FOR THAT ONE! LOL
- Me, too. And we'd love to see middle class & poor people stop voting against their own interests.
performing at at the event tonight!
under controlled T_____T i miss you.
isn't that for sure. When I hear certain songs it reminds me of my 1st <3. Ohh well it is what it is.
I have the keyboard cat song as my ringtone. #coolcat :3
My tweet about Yellow Pages struck a nerve with a few ex co-workers. Love you guys none the less.
glad to see the link to on you latest issue ;) thank u!
the flowers were INCREDIBLE!!!! Knocked my socks off...
it's funny because no one likes him.
Thank you for sharing our content!
I going to sleep :)
Tweeting from my new iphone, yet I'm still not hip, cool or whatever the kids say these days.
I miss you!
Very handsome, you mean??? Yes, I agree! LOL!
Happiness is discovering that there's still a cup of coffee left in my Thermos and that it's still hot. Soon, it will be in my body.
If you want to succeed, you should strike out on new paths rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. -John D. Rockefeller
Good practice to label cables at both ends. I use electric tape: White:Video, Red:Lighting, and Blue:Audio.
Looking for models to do photo shoot in Dallas Texas up and cming only email
u should probably get off of twitter and focous more on a cure..wasting time and money seems to be ur new calling.
they sing them good though! Thats why i love it!
WHOA HEY NOW. brb crying
yeah but haymitch is in his 40s. Finding a 20-something haymitch would be perfect
Thats a smart move...I should do that...cuz unless I get a new case, my phone will break...
then again some men are self aware to a fault. Much to their own detriment Woman seem to dislike truth in men #
C/J could be going pay because advertisers don't wanna pay their rates and/or not impressed with their hit numbers.
My daddy erks me when he makes me turn my music down &' he got the car music blasting -_______-
We are as different from ourselves as we are from others
I'm going to take a jacket tomorrow cuz half of my classes are either cold or freezing o_O
TONIGHT: In Chicago? Stop by the Red Canary to see me sing with my swingin group. 8pm-11:30pm 695 N Milwaukee Ave. PATIO IS OPEN! $5 Wine!
Id love to b the mono doctor on the #bachelor show. As much as they swappin spit, u know people gettin it...and I'd be gettin paid n OT! lol
do you have iTunes?
- Im not flirting.. Im being nice. theres a difference!
7:43 in NY, the #supermoon rises. I see a sky full of clouds. Meh.
Is Bored
they r boys ! They wear shorts! <U+0001F620>! My babies r vary manly
“: Why don't you tweet a link to Fletcher's response? Seems like your one sided.
#Pilates is one of the safest workouts you can use! No other exercise is so gentle to your body while giving it a challenging workout.
Welcome ! Keep up the good work!
My son used to cut the pinkies and fuzzies in half so I didn't have to. EWE EWE EWE their backbone why do they have those
Thanks! Will you be at #joyce2011?
#TheWorstFeeling Losing someone you love <|3
Pretty sure Hawk comes before Merk and Robin. RT : Power structure at the Cell: 1. Kenny, 2. Sale, 3. Cooper, 4. Merk, 5. Robin.
it's not stealing when it's you, my twin! LOL go for it! send me the link and I'll add it!
can you please give me a shout out?? Thankks(:
Plays posted so far from 100 cappers and one consensus and more to come...Last night the consensus on FSU hits as they pounded BC
Facebook just spent a billion dollars on a patina filter.
JAIIII! FOLLOW P L E A S E!
Interview with Robyn O'Brien, founder of Allergykids.com, author of The Unhealthy Truth - live at 10AM on www.parentingunpluggedradio.com
this is why I hate Mondays lol!
Saturday students, do not come to class tomorrow! LaGuardia has canceled all classes and events for August 27 and August 28.
You're such a slut lol
Need website models in the Houston/Austin area. Maternity, babies, events, headshots, engagement, bridal, etc. Message me if interested
If you could have sex with any of your followers who would it be lol ?
yeah the spring/early summer in DC is amaze. The rest, not so much, but I do prefer it over being cold all the time :-)
All people do is tweet or post pictures of themselves with their boyfriend or girlfriend. It makes me wanna boyfriend sometimes...<U+0001F614>
You girls be sure to take a Port Authority bus home!
You got all that from a drive-by? You really are an amazing reporter! Safe travels.
a vexing quandry indeed
Looking for a San Diego Painting contractor ? Call Mr.D's painting we have been serving San Diego county for over 25 years. 619-562-5848
uh that would be my asshole offspring.
Man...I need a sugar daddy lol
It's tough to focus when I know it's beautiful outside.
The Druids are now at 666 followers. Coincidences are a myth.
that would be awesome let chat this week about something to kick off the new year
just telling u what I see.:-) How did u become a red sox fan here in PDX? Hate having the M's shoved down our throat!
jus me in my crib bored :(
NEW this year Days of the Dinosaur 6700 sq ft of life-sized, animatronic dinosaurs & Interactive Area for kids! $1/person
(Henry D. Thoreau) I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of a man to elevate his life by a conscious endeavor.
If you're hungry stop in and try our famous Quesadias for 1/2 price during our 'Dilla Tuesdays at Keystone Bar & Grill! Stay late and enjo..
Rondo cnt shoot never except wen he play us bastard
Q5) as with many things... It depends on the SME.
There's a time to tweet and a time to watch. #Madonna is a time to watch. KILLED IT! Talk about an entrance!
Morrison: I spoke with Carkeek and she said we need to find out where the funds will come from. I think it's about $8 million.
Diggin' the Michelob Ultra "Bars of the #Marathon" takeover on today. Very visual & timely. It made me go to the
Did he fight you for extra leg room?
With the final reg 408(b)(2) if you don't make a real effort to disclose in 90 days you will be fired - David Levine
motherhood, writing, the life of the mind. discuss.
Yes Khama, I would love to! (Sorry I didn't see ur msg until today) Let's talk!
i've been "running" for an hour... Should be good for 90 on Monday.
Improbable? or if it's really extreme, inconceivable?
has a few exciting opportunites in N. Amityville & West Nyack NY! Looking for outside sales reps with B2B experience, preferably in industr…
Very nice! I love it when I get to meet a tweep in person!
I'm using Google Chrome. What types of issues are you having?
Need to upgrade my PC. New processor mobo, vid card and sound card. Suggestions welcome. Have an XPS 720 that was great in 2010, but now ...
Give us your #feedback! How do you like MobiDeals? We want to hear from you!
How to appeal your #taxcase with the
Thats what happens when you are around Angelos for any length of time
he would tell me you a always get the same thing every time lol so he picked out toppings for me
Great year at Oswego. Excited for next year.
we have to stop playing phone tag my friend.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference.
Is it Tony Plush or Tony Clutch!!! Break em' off another Capital T Plush!! Plushdamental 133- Be Clutch
. No one wants to fill out a form just to get another 16 digit identifier. The ID has to do something useful.
Happy Pi Day *snapping suspenders*
Hey good afternoon..I had a good night! How are you???
Sometimes you got to accept the fact that certain things will NEVER go back to how they used to be.
I like it! Because I believe we have moved from knowing the hierarchies of knolwedge to the SEARCH TERMS of knowledge.
it's aight so wat go's on?? Lol
Wishing desperately that would play in SF since he will be in CA anyways why not march 29th with Tyrone wells:)
RT if u have an oovoo if u do add me madaali1001
playing Webkinz with is probably the best way to impress people. especially when you wear bandanas on your head.
So sad I didnt even make it dtown but the westside rocked it associates
They represent the last 30 days… black dots mean you checked in, light gray dots mean you didn't.
RT : Stock our 10,000th library with children's books. Each RT gives the library 1 book thanks to generous donor.
Baklava makes me so happy! Favorite dessert EVER.
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING.. I FOLLOWED BACK.
Dupuis extends his points streak to a league-high 17 games.
: How to grow in the #restaurant biz: teach well, communicate your vision, inspire your staff.
We have a switch trans/cis guy scene. Check for trans topping cis though.
Sharpen that pencil!
Oddly enough, I had a trio of interesting encounters with Avedon, the last one shortly before his untimely death. Life is strange.
This is a Chicago trend?
This is a test to NMP Twitter from Omnia
well with this and the game of real life we're just all set to be horrible people.
help me with my homework
When in doubt, pray. <U+0001F64F>
Time to go home.. Super excited to see my family tonight. I hope I get some rad birthday gifts.
You should check it out! Beginner lessons are on Mon & Fri before the dances. It's a great time - & everyone was new once!
implus soccer shoes
If you. Knew that I.need you.why.would u.just up and leave
This was one of my favorite quotes from RT: ": "We're not all born tweeters." #MusEdTech"
*clears throat* Would you like to escort me on your arm to tonight's RP Awards? No one else is goodlooking enough for me.
no valentine :/ forever alone. Haha
I really am trying to look on the bright side of this ..
Some people will hate on any AND every Bloody thing.
haha you won't even know it's coming!
Fresh crispy veggies are on sale today - 20% off all creative lunch salads!
But then I'll look a lot more lifeless than I already am.
Find your happy place!!!!!
Awww.... I get it, Dad. They're on early so if you feel like trudging up to Cambridge, let me know.
I wonder if any band member have read the fanfiction stories about them. im reading one about johnny b now.lmao
What are the books on your reading list this summer? We're looking for suggestions for The Reading Room section of the website (coming soon)
It was just confirmed we had 3 die in a tornado in east Tennessee. I'm a first responder & these storms r heartbreaking Sam!
Escalation of egos on the esplanade. Race/cop tension alive and captured on camera.
Come meet Greg Toler of the az cardinals 530 pm. Plus 2 football games to watch.
Headed to the World Architecture Festival event in London! Great days at High Point Market.
Woods Hole dispatch: cargo pants are the fashion to be seen in.
you might need a social scientist to interface in this residence program ;) (audience comment)
The Gorilla Music Battle of the Bands Finals has moved to august 13th so buy a ticket.
You are welcome! To you too! Your games look really cool btw.
FALL is in the air and it brought a change today - A NEW JOB! So excited to be joining The Jones Group!
Justin Bieber on #TheVoice? Really? Guess they just wanted ratings, but isn't The Voice stands for everything not JB?
haha, what makes you beautiful :)
Last day to Rock Hard/Soft Rock! Check out the final countdown before you miss the show! You've got about an hour!
Ok Vikings. 28-3. Let's not blow this lead today.
Thanks Pink Sugar amAtlanta
What would Flipper have done with this #Chen Guangcheng case? Yep, you guessed it; nothing.
you always make me laught :D
All I could think about tonight is,Austin. I just wanted to hug him \(••)/
Hello New York. Paris ain't got nothin' on you.
what an awesome hubby u have. my hubby just got home. he is going to go pick up the food for me.
Closing in on 1200 followers. If you have fun tweeple in Central Ohio tell them to give us a try!
Time to sleep. Night folks. :)
YAY Friday! Go team!
We wish Gordon Beckham could hit like Starlin Castro and Castro could field like Beckham.
Some of the worlds most powerful businesses, including Lloyds of London & the NYSE, started life as a coffee houses
I see in you what you cant see in yourself and I take the privilege to help bring it out
Curation is now the vogue digital term for a brand's ability to aggregate & distribute carefully selected info & provide a unique voice.
Cool. I can definitely help you out. DM me what you're looking for (BR/BA, etc.) and your contact info. I'll get on it.
MONEY on my mind im thinking common cents lol AYE.
good news, you're only 999, 610 followers away from 1 Mil!
Counting down the days till I go back home <U+0001F609>
Crazy night in Cali, enjoyed hanging with good friends and ! 30 hour drive done to Kansas on our way IN!
RIP critical reading skills
The first computer mouse was invented by Doug Engelbart in around 1964 and was made of wood.
Phoenix Arizona is the best city I have seen in my life .
Temperatures already in the 50's! A much anticipated relief when you wake up tomorrow
Job searching!
I am ready to get another tattoo..........
Justin bieber us sexy af he got some muscels and stuff.uff my gosh!!!
“Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.”~Bertolt Brecht
I am too much concentrated on myself
Off to school with Katie Battershell. Well Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry that is;D HMU (:
I felt bad...
Great show last night, thanx to everyone who came out to support the music!! XO
RT certainly not only But a higher % <-Sure. I've seen the stats. But do we disregard good products bc of bad?
Is it bad that I use twitter to read 's posts more then anything? Lmao
Hearing old woman groan happy mother's day on phone and realizing the magic is once again gone.
Come to the pop-up today from 3:30-4PM at the tables near the AAM bookstore. Theme is Creative Community. What's it mean to you?
Hey, thanks for the memoir love! You nailed it--I wanted DKTBG to interest those without allergies as much as those with 'em.
hey u
Yesterday select Harriet Fulbright College students were treated to a lecture and tour at the Ronald Regan International Trade Center.
Last tweet about #sagawards, Viola Davis had me in tears. I voted for many that didn't win, but couldn't be happier for all those that did.
What's a decade earlier? Far as we're concerned, the way of the sixties was paved by the Boomers! ;)
thus is getting good!
Warm up on the way to work with a cup of Darjeeling and a Blueberry muffin.
what can I say? It's the crack.
Four main reasons I will stop texting you: 1. You made me mad. 2. You got boring. 3. I fell asleep. 4. You said the letter "K."
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!37
Whts up twitter
Trying to decide what to giveaway first! :) What something that you lovlies would reallllyy want?!
now if only your girls squad could get a W
We'll always have new "technologies" for teaching and assessing learning. Up to us to figure out how they work with our students.
Join us for an MS in Accounting/MBA Facebook chat! Happening now! Simply join our group, Apply to speak with admissions.
<U+2605>8<U+2605> man u on my mind real talk...<U+30C4>
Yayyyyy today today today today today
How am I not hungry all day,eat practically nothing & now even though I'm still not hungry, I eat enough cookies for 5 ppl.
Waking up to a bball court with 9 guys playing...lets do this
words i live by
I love weather. While living in NYC I guessed exact snow-fall totals...Local NBC affiliate used me each winter thereafter for 6 yrs
I guess I never let you go, because in the back of my mind I still believe that someday we'll get our second chance.
ah, relax! that's a piece of cake!
Many changes need to be made to the existing immigration legislation to address the associated complications affecting the United States.
I flagged them to get them removed
can we reserve tables and bring in a cake for a birthday party we are having there on the 30th?
Female Who Smell Good ...
whenever mentioning big data, I prefer to write it out in all capital letters. "BIG DATA" sounds more substantial than wimpy "big data"
OK CLT, ticket booked!
As much as I dislike walking home in the rain, I do love thunder storms
sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh he's old.
+1 RT : "Making fun of Wikipedia is so 2007." French journalist via Sue Gardner.
Chargers look like the team we thought they were. Raiders look lik the team we thought they were. Too bad for Norv. That's football.
our YouTube channel is mufasatheband but the bids are pretty old. We got newer footage we will upload soon though
A girl can fake an orgasm, while a guy can fake a whole relationship.
good to see you both at banquet - two of my faves at one of my favorite events!
I know, feeling the same pretty bummed!!
where'd you find that?!
Reading Stardust, and I'm constantly amazed at how can weave such a magically complex tale. Movie has nothing on the book!
Tomorrow will be bad. Dumb Algebra EOC...
Olaf Olafsson author completed his 4th book while working full time as a Sr. VP Warner/we can make time to achieve our dreams.
Watching #VeronicaMars. I miss this show. *sigh* , you rock. (As in, you're awesome, nothing to do w/"other" Rob.) :) Thx for VM.
Thanks mom! LOVE not going out tonight
@ my granny house washing Pumkin clothes, and watchin tv about to take a nap while she fold them up. Love u granny
lol yeah I did dm it number
Next Tuesday, can't wait to get back on the field. Ready to give up everything for it.
So i'm thinking Chase Andrew Compton for a boy (:
Sorry you feel crappy--at least you have one extra day this year to recuperate before your birthday!
Thanks Vee I'll be sure to get on that!
its still calories though
Teen Angst and lackluster bathing habits aren't a winning combination in today's society.
“: Write a song @ 7am. Record it by 1pm. Mix & mastetr it by 6pm. Global email by 7:30pm. On radio & in clubs by 10pm.”
OH! the Woodbury Commons? The outlet mall:D
thanks for watching the video - I'm really new at videos I appreciate the encouragement!
“Government is a disease masquerading as its own cure.” – Robert LeFevre
I'm never drinking again... Classic Sunday morning tweet
Oh no! I'm so sorry.
hardly garbage b.c wbb doesnt have an outlet that will overpay millions o $ for underdeveloped talent. Mbb has declined
fuck you -_- lol « I want to wear my jersey again to mess with <U+2665>»
Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws.-- Plato, Philosopher
Where Did I Go Wrong ?
my guess would be: awesome
Hanging in there, just like baby. :) I'm getting anxious to know if we're having a boy or girl! Sleep last night was rough. :(
This day just keeps getting better. Seriously does not seem real. Omw to nyc. Double or nothing?
Aside from the few obvious ones...are there any other #Marvel films on the horizon?
GOOD Magazine: Skid Row Part 5: Afterword
Why is he watching msnbc about politics and sh.t
": I feel bad for the first guy who farted. He probably thought his asshole was haunted by smelly ghosts."
Good time throwin a baseball with my new friend Justin tharp
Goodmorning twitter feel like things are about to change starting with me,next new traing,then success. Let's get it!
That awkward moment when I stopped giving a fuck about everyone I went to high school with.
Get off the plane to find the Phillies scored 13 runs! ...and lost.
Who r U Waiting For lol
Ceilings and Ceiling Treatments are just as effective at defining space as are floors, flooring materials and walls.
i taught a bon iver meditation/stretch class all laying on the floor.
Always a good sign when your party's drink order leaves the waitress in a state of moderate shock.
ily , imu , i luv you , love you < fuck that, if you mean it , say it RIGHT.
My camera app on my iPhone isn't working…
Whose good at drawing and wants to make money? Message me!
Not gonna lie, Meat Men on is pretty entertaining to watch. I kind of want to be a butcher now.
This lady is tawkn to hear self
love the quotes on spiritual nurse I was just telling Angie !!
In case you missed my tweet yesterday, Mind the Gap No. 1 DELIVERED everything I hoped for :D
Going to see my mamiringa<U+263A>
I'm 32 & never owned a car. Know Boston/Cambridge/SF very well from walking and/or running all over. Best way to really know a place.
All of cincinnati is at monks...
I bet you won't see this but if you do please follow <3 you are my inspiration and you helped me believe in myself<33
NEW MIX MAKES ME WANT TO PARTY NOW!!!!
Planning for next tax season
First 5 designs $15ea. for all ULC /Cap Logos at GalaxyDigitizing. Get a special quote for bigger designs. Email:
It isn’t defeat, but rather your mental attitude toward it, that whips you. Napoleon Hill
God will never send anything your way you couldn’t handle
Thank you so much!! :D We appreciate the support :D
that's because you have a flip phone
When I tour, it's like, well, like a food tour as much as a comedy tour
RT : Taking home a piece by Patrick Costello from Revel auction to support !
I'm not getting your text :(
Steven Tyler died years ago of a drug overdose. They cloned him so he could release albums worth of garbage and co host televised trash.
Just Listed Vacant Land in Riverwoods, IL 2 acres for $650,000
lo-fi adjective used for describing electronic music that is produced in a small private recording studio without spending much money
TY for including me (sorry I missed this).
How will I break the ice?
It's funny how things work out under different situations :)
I hate when other people than my mom tell me what to o
hopefully I can, the only way I'd go is if I can get VIPS lol :-)
My lovely wife worked my ass off today doing yard work.. Nice day for it but I am ready to rest and a cold beverage.
I like Kansas for the National Title.
This is so cool! Having so much fun with Ashleigh Ashton at the tv studio!
Perceptive piece.
U r. Right Follow me I'm following u
AXE COP + DINOSAUR SOLDIER= GREATNESS!!!!!
A3. Trust is a reciprocal event and emotion.
Whenever I play the piano, I am at ease with myself <U+0001F3B6>
U think jus cuz u yellow I'm posed 2 be like mellow, but I say HELL NO!! Lmao RIP robin harris
Us too! Sunbelt bars n a AriZona :) o yeah i like where this is going
how did you come up with the name Kimble? is he an official member of the household yet? (pics so cute btw)
Avenged sevenfold(:
I think it means you've picked who you want to win.
Today is the 1st aniversary of Willy West! Congrats!
they should! This one was actually 11ft but we had to knock off a foot in order to reach the top. Also cost a whopping $17.
Decided to check out and I'm addicted. Great app. Great service.
Wine time with !!
NEVER wear the autographed jersey! Not enough characters in twitter to rant on that enough!
I see the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat fuck Kentucky
Yo Easter is this Sunday tho?
One Ticket to a Comets MISL Soccer Game in Independence on February 19, 24, or 26 (Up to $29.25 Value)
yeah man God is good!!!
the greatest.
Succeeding is about the Conquest of your Dreams, not the Consent of your Peers.
just went grocery shopping ^_^
Sending strength & healing to all who are struggling & need a voice of compassion.
Saw it for the 2nd time last night. AMAZING!!!
: Today is the big day...Are you ready?!?! Yay Us!
It's not my fault I'm the shit
When You Have Time Please Follow Me Back It Would Make My Life!(: Thank You Vinny You Really Have Inspired Me!C: LOVE YOU! <3
Hey folks, while you're checking out my blog post could you see if the link to the ARENA pre-order page (on the right) works? Thanks.
Please win this before ot..ot could be 3 am : Please win this in OT Flyers"
Back To My Music
I must be doing something wrong
haha sorry for butting in on the convo
Yep. Or the Russian/Belorussian one. ;) Glad to see Frankie getting some good pub. He's earned it.
On 5/22 come to Scotty's downtown and listen to an education conversation with CH Academy principal and Exec director, Carey D. $5 donation
Really dreading this "social"
Brandi Carlile at last night was amazing. A great night of music from the most wonderful songwriter and live performer.
I would in a heartbeat
The Jazz Half is still full-steam, August has just been a CRAZY month on the homefront. But no worries, JH is getting back on track!
Going to my parents' for Xmas - it's always fun to be home & taken care of (someone else to cook, help w/ the kids etc.) You?
Yes! Let the market decide their worth.
Message to duhville, way to turn your season around, but the run stops here.
The Big Bang Theory <3
:P There you are.
Just when shit can't get any worse.
ive change like 30 times today thats how bored i am hahah
jersey shore all day and all night #yeah buddy thats how im spending my thursday :)
Wonderful weekend :)
....IRU PRODUCTIONS coming soon....
Remember when I lived in NYC and made $36k?!?! HOW?!!?!!
I am A new #Groupatic , #Teamfollowback , more developments coming soon.. Visit www.groupatics.com
Your welcome. Can't wait to share some incredible info soon that be so helpful to everyone in the industry.
can't wait to see them! I'm going there in 27 days and I am so excited!!
but she gets texts... clever cover up. Someone out there is a fake!
ok I'm not a stalker just like reading your advise who is your Team to watch and who is your SB prediction along with NFL MVP
I know, but they are so good. Love simple cupcakes without globs of icing.
Make sure to Tweet a #FF with so everyone can be kept in the loop for our next event!
please follow me back
THE CULT OF PERSONALITY! BEST IN THE WORLD! LET'S FUCKING GO ! #WWE # Wrestlemania
I HADDA BE FULLA DEM BARS, I DONT EAT NOTHING BUT RED GIRLS, WITH BALD VA"J"JS
Looking forward to teaching Turbo Kick tonight!! Do you prefer taking classes at a gym or using a cardio machine?
It's amazing to me that in 2012 there are still people that don't understand how a listserv works.
i say not funny. but then again, i'm an angry feminist.
nice comment on HN :D
Friday!! D Swan @ 8:30pm in the DCT @ iO West for the LA Improv Comedy Festival and @ 11pm @ Second City Hollywood for Thunderdome! !SWEET!
some cases I feel it's warranted but not in every case.
"I love you my Pisces wifey !."
If you are looking for power out of that group I'd roll JD Martinez or Smoak depending on your need at a position.
And it's been a while, but I still feel the same.
it's easy to find yo heart.
We have outstanding deals on toys for children of all age dont miss out! Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
I've been doing great. Haven't heard from you either. I'll be down there at the end of the month.
you too! And i'll be partying for new years :)
If you live in that mindset where money is power/MOB/ money is the motivation. I can't have you in my life... money is just paper to me
I just went nuts at Target
welcome anytime!
1972-1st day shooting on #Spielberg's film JAWS. The giant mechanical shark used as a prop was nicknamed "Bruce" after his lawyer
maybe a few..
dont write anything that'll rile me up until I finish grading this stack of 25 papers. Taking me like 15 min each.
“: Omg I left my straightener on all day” biggest fear.
Well not sure yet, but as of right now engineer lol <U+E414>
Sarah, Obama is making a big campaign Bank for Hillary Clinton to take his place in race for Pres.
Happy #FF to you too!
Love the Scottish actors & their accents..
Sometimes, if you aren't sure about something, you have to just jump off the bridge and grow wings on your way down. ~ Danielle Steel
God allows bad things 2happen 2 good people? Look, there has only been ONE good person and what "bad" happened to him I caused. He is Jesus
Aww thank you! :D
hungover + helicopter flying = "helicopter goes down" on the 5 o'clock news!
Frank, thank you so much for the #FF! Hope you are doing well :^)
Pizza Den! #yummy <U+0001F603>
thanks for the reminder
So long Deutschland; thanks for the few days. Bck to NYC, then Cleveland Boston and Miami. Anthr premiere and 9 Wanderlusts left this month!
I'm A Virgo. Can You Tell me something you think is very interesting about Virgos?(:
Me too RT : I'm following u now u little whore
u caught him in ur lap?
Study hard students...it's mid-term week!
GM tweeps EVERYTHING we run away from has power over us; ANYTHING we go through, we conquer.
B.o.b did that #106&park
nothing son jas games saturday
I want a slice of Steve's right now!! <U+0001F355>
This is shaping up to be a great weekend!
I'll be in Rome and Milan for the White Milano Fashion Trade Show, do you work with anyone in Milan?
Lol funny when your ex want's you back. They actually realized what they had.
#nisoEbook vendor and platform providers panel discussion inc reps from ebrary, EBSCO, EBL, Ingram, and Books at JSTOR
did you hear him say that blackpower bull??!!
Anything men can do... Women can do better....ahhhhhaa
Happy mama day stay bless
lmao. Thats gon be chump change soon enough.. congrats on the job!!
Remember to wear your safety helmets kids. I am recovering from a nasty bike accident--concussion, stitches, contusion, ouch.
Its crazy that I have to punish for something that happened 2 days ago because his father couldn't ...wtf
love you so much
Thank God My Family In Japan Are Okay. Please Be Happy For Who & What You Have. #PrayForJapan. <3
actually I said for your "terties" not boobs!
about Nip/Tuck though
#OneThingIHate When people use the letter 'z' in stead of an 's' like it's supposed to be.
BJenkins would have 15 sacks against that same comp. he got 7 sacks on this year.
Ugh. Not looking forward to that.
I hate having a crush on someone that used to like you,but now is in a relationship. Like wtfffff :/
I absolutely LOVE Stevie! Oh, and BTW... That lady has to be the MOST FAMOUS CHURCH NURSE EVER! LOLLOL
hey kid. I distinctly remember tweeting you a few months ago asking you to come to FL. you said soon. WHEN IS SOON?
Another amazing haircut from ! Love having friends with skills & talents!
Raining again & seems like it might continue for a while. Guess I'll try to finish Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close now.
Get your shit polished before you get your shit published.
Pol Chief Ramsey on death of firefighters Robert Neary, Daniel Sweeney:"Most of all, you have to really feel for the families."
Obama touts robust auto industry; GOP counters, thanks to Boehner, tanning supply sales up 500%
It really doesn't matter,not one of them can beat Obama come November. I'm a Democrat and I wish there were.
OR NOT HAHA
Awe man I forgot my eye shawdow. Thank GOD for
Having Big boobs is a pain.
I'm going to hell, I totally lied to my girlfriend about foie gras... No babe, duck is not the same as goose....
just Twitter family. Lol. Never really thought of having all these brothers and sisters. lmao.
"If you ask me, how I'm doin, I would say I'm doin just fine." I wouldn't lie about anything when I say that either. I be just fine.
Process almost done... This year is going to be great!.. BANG
WTF SHE DIDNT KNOW BELL BIV DEVOE WAS APART OF NEW EDITION?? SMDH HA HA
And that's great someone else still does it and the topic came up, that still doesn't give you permission to tell it.. Haha
But those Who Trust in the LORD will Find New Strength. They will Soar High on Wings like Eagles. Isaiah 40:31(a) [continued below]
Robert Hutchins~ Education is a kind of continuing dialogue and a dialogue assumes in the nature of the case different points of view.
if facebook really wants to make inroads with businesses paying for services they should make invoicing possible for big spenders
Proud of your heritage?? Tomorrow starts the #Proud(InsertHeritage)American hashtag campaign!
Where is my iphone update???? C'mon Apple!
Ok. Have a good night, that you dream with ;-)
Wait... How did THAT happen?
Despite the weather, we always make it shine just a little brighter.
Finally in Miami!!! And had 2 amazing gay guys that sat with me on the plane made the flight so much better!
We know that the ghosts that haunt Johnston Hall will root for at 9:17pm! Watch the game with $5 Miller/Coors stadium cups.
Thank you god for letting me get up this morning.. # YOLO
that's what "moneyball" was all about!
Any females with sexy halloween costumes??? I need a few of yall for the video June 2nd in charlotte. MTV MTVJAMS MTV2 FUSE. DM me!
How did Cassie make Luke catch on fire like that? What did that guy mean by 'dark magic'?
RT "You never know what's going to happen when the ball squirts" props to you sir!
we're JAMMIN you and I'll never quit JAMMIN you
One time leaving ATL had Waffle House for breakfast and then Varsity for lunch,then on a plane.Bad move.
I hate when I have to leave him :/
I has with and before in 's Adv Java class at MATC.
read BUMPED - thought it took a while to gain its footing as McCafferty built her world, but ended well
A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts. – Richard Branson
Well, Mother of The Year is not in the cards for her.
i get home, eat, go on tumblr, eat, tumblr, eat, tumblr, sleep. i have an exciting life
A good song should lift your heart, warm your soul, and make you feel good.
Damn, He Stood Me Up. I Feel Unwanted =(
Happy birthday, Governor Martinez! Keep up the good work!
Getting excited for our High School Conservatory in Aug. Email for more information.
pitch strikes, Helly's been right. (And those first pitch strikes depend on the ump's consistency.)
*Slaps him on the back of the head* Take That Shit Off Nigga! Ha
First half: impressive shooting/scoring for both teams. Second half: impressive blowing of whistles by the refs.
Happy Monday! This morning's Blue-Rah was a big s/o to Jeff Curran as he gets ready forTOMORROW's fight at #UFC on Fuel!
big deal
About once a month.
We also have to invest in maintaining Georgia's existing industries - economist Roger Tutterow
Morning! Yes #DWTS was good. I thought Donald might go!!
Basking in the sun at ravens stadium
I had at least 3 dreams about bagels last night.
& my cutout of Justin(;
Congratulations #silverspringmd on the grand-opening of the !
Thanks for letting me get a final pic last night @ the Copa. Ur such a gentleman. :)
When you make me happy, it makes me more happy that when you make me happy it makes you happy...and I'm happy if you're happy
Waiting to get into the Avengers is it worth it?
Might as well eat my boredom away... Creme egg. Yes please.
Ball Rushes for 1 Yard and Now its 3rd and 6!
...new york
My cat is high off catnip now... Is that wrong?
i need to know the dates! And do yall have school 2marrow
Townes Van Zandt kind of day...
thanks for makin me laugh in class. (:
...what's a subtweet?
I got the ESPN app on deck tho. Know that!
lets just say that i am sitting pretty with a 29-22 final score.
well I love me some Henrik, but yes on Holtby. ;) Great goalie performanes on both ends of the ice in this one
And another one breaks my heart yet once again why God
Reach for the stars, even if you have to stand on a cactus.-- Susan Longacre
You're amazing, thank you so much for helping!!!
THIS. RT : "What are we gonna do today, Brain?" "The same thing we always do, Pinky. Try to take over the world!"
Ouch LOLOLOL did bite you ? :D
I'll get a tattoo when u go to college haha
Mavs by 2! I've never rooted for them so much in my life!
hit my phone
Sorority qotd: "studying for this test is killing ny soul."
Get ready to start filling up our expanded office space for Sequence Media groups sales and marketing division, right next door...
thanks for the follow.
Run him off a cliff break his legs then run down shoot him We are still somewhat backwards but still have guns and proud of it!
but, IMHO, we need plain text to understand or interpret the rich humanist mark up and the complex analytical analysis 2/2
Tired of downtown. Having a 75 cent Pabst then going bowling. Anyone wanna join?
The awkward moment when Willow Smith can't whip her hair because she shaved it all off and dyed it pink.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood. They're frying eggs on the sidewalk.
OK, I meant "liberal media".
Anybody know where I can get well-designed battens for my hatches?
Quintessential New York night. <U+0001F499><U+0001F49C><U+2764> I love this city
Today : author Mary Otis will be our guest worker from 3 - 7PM!
This is gonna b a long night SMFH
Perfect! See you then!
Love that your profile pic is the eggnog-spewing scene from
Today is Twitter's 6th birthday. Cheers to the microblogging service that changed the world!
Disappointed and not at the same time. Feel like this was a good game for some parts
This week is Food Allergy Awareness Week. We must shed light on this life-threatening issue. I suffer from many food allergies.
Two great sessions thus far today: Angie HIcks of and on "The Relationship Economy"
Cam Newton named to NFC Pro Bowl roster replacing Eli Manning who is well IN THE SUPER BOWL!
it isn't latent, she showers with knickers on!
First topic of the day: the Enola Gay and the bombing of Hirosima
Happy birthday from Pedro and Poncho and me. Pew! Pew!
Talkin all draft today
enough of u miss teen maine
Where's Sushi @?
did you get a chance to ship it?
take a shot every time a player on the heat flops, that's a drinking game that would get everyone fucked up
Mayweather getting his ass kicked in may!
anything for a butt scratch and a biscuit.
Big 3 go for 30-10 each and still only beat the average at best Rockets by 6. Get excited Heat fans - I know is!
I shall dance with you my dear!!
About to get my butt kicked by
Beyond Boundaries Promotional Video
90s flashback: Head Like a Hole. Whole crowd in on this one... 'Bow down before the one you serve!!'
come back into my life soon!!!!!
who's the best pub I the nation???
Dont try to fix the piston if its the rotor that's broken..
Great now ima be downloading music all instead of accomplishing anything that I have to do <U+0001F3B6><U+0001F49C>
What if Liz puked chicken :o
Whats new that happened this week?
wait. Did u say off for the rodeo?
Oh. OMG madison is being so mean.
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
That's my step-mom's hood. She lives off Blossom Hill on Blossom Acres.
Thanks Aya! Glad u caught the Showcase last night! Pumped to have everyone @#APAP talking about this new innovative collaboration
Watchin Kings Of Comedy.
Dear #Preds, we are all (Alexander) Sadulost.
That was the one time I actually wanted the #Yankees to win. Damn #Rays...Maybe next year
I'm not mean :c
Yes, make scones! With any luck, I'm going out for a donut, eh!
bitch! Who'd you go with?
Seattle or SF?
Can Rickie play short stop? I don't think I like that.
I just want to be in the sun! SO unmotivated today.
I would totally do a thing with you sometime if you wanted. not sure what kinda knowledge you'd want dropped.
Off to a good start! Need to keep it going =)
good crowd
"uh, chicken alfredo"
I don't know what I'd do if I wouldn't have found him<3
baby it's #notjustyou just purchased it on iTunes
I am natural!!! RT ": just go natural. Nappy and all"
so glad to be home
follow me back please? :)
for some reason i feel you're the only person in the world who if i could prove my worth too as an artist it would be a reality
": I like to take it one day at a time" short sighted thinking will leave your bank account short as well, gotta plan evry move
Thx for tip :) -CV
through lunch :) thanks
How do you get tickets for the blind auditions in Chicago?
Fishers hedge fund mgr Keenan Hauke pleaded guilty to securities fraud today and was sentenced to 121 months in pridon.
Thanks for retweeting us !! I <3 Twitter! Your site is awesome PS. Whens the next event? Did u get ridic # Tweets on V-Day?
Damn winter is back in LA tonight! Bbrrrrr!!!
Hate to see bp go but what coach wouldn't wanna take a top 5 team? We'll survive. WPS!!!
space shuttle launches never cease to amaze me. after about only a minute - 4000 mph, 55 miles in altitude
oh sorry <U+E403>
Yeah, sure.
MISS YOU TOO HONEY BOO BOO!
People complaining waiting for the El doors to open, sees conductor leave, opens all doors for everyone. Someone hire this guy
Lady Gaga deemed too racy for Indonesia, denied permit to perform
Wake Up!!!
Happy New Year everyone!
network your plague! Everyone wants some
Glad you think so. Rodney is infinitely creative in the kitchen!
The Exorcist (cuz my Dick puke's green stuff!) J/K LMFAO
i just feel like im doin way better than what the expected me to be doin
those people who look like they've never taken a shower. <
i wanna see it(:
TUE Dinner Soup Special: Creamy Tomato Soup with Pesto Tossed Pearl Pasta & Parmesan Reggiano Cheese
Oh rly how old are you ?
I HATE CompApps class! I'm gettin switched out of CAIII next semester! >___<
Mahomies: "Hey Austin" Austin: "Hey" mahomies: "Are you a fast runner?" Austin: "no. Not really, why?" Mahomies: "GET HIM!!111!!!1!!1!!"”
I have a co-write :( !break a leg!
Check out Nathan's Tree!! A new contemporary Christian band with a desire to spread the message of Jesus through music!
Its funny when they be like that rihhhhhhh .
No follow back = unfollow back
Think imma try to get my nose pierced this weekend.
RT : My brother is a doctor & delivered a baby named Y'all-Jealous Jones today. This is not a joke. Y'ALL JEALOUS JONES.
Proud of u!!! Looking forward to pub crawl this Sunday
U are a amazing man. I've been a fan of Urs since fftl. Thank U for being you. Owner of Broductions Entertainment -Justus Kalson
I got give her game proper, spit it so she'll get it, there she is I got to stop her.
I have a french test tomorrow.
Too lazy to get up and get a book I need. Might be the lingering effects of thanksgiving.
Let's follow each other!
Enthusiasm is the great hill-climber.
Today is the anniversary of V-E Day. Make sure you thank a solider for all of their sacrifices.
i think that shits awesome
#nerdfighteriaworlddomination RT : HANK! On The Price Is Right! Right now! Someone is wearing a DFTBA shirt.
My mood is so much better today just because I cleaned my room yesterday, when did I become such a neat freak?
which one? i'll send it to you. email info to :)
Yeah, I'm going with Macalester.
if you're like me, then the thing you miss most about Dallas is Tex-Mex. I also miss Burger House in HP...
lol have been very busy:)
my love is like a star, you can't always see me but you know that i'm always there <U+2764><U+0001F31F>
But fuck it. I wouldn't trade being a Heat fan for the world. That's real.
#NHLNetwork has it live. Bettman looks pissed about this deal. Piss off!
Who's coming out to the show tonight at ? We'll see you there!
Tackled entire iSchool inbox today: conference scholarships, fellowship opportunities, summer internships, organization listservs... Whew.
Ha! You can't hide an AK-47 in a bikini.
The Kingdom of God is within man.
lol i still have last fridays blues then
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Ohio!
check us out
"Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn." ~ Harriet Beecher Stowe
yo you at the SC & Oregon track meet sat !
I have been so far. Thanks for taking the time with me.
this page is so unactive! that's why i'm always on my other pages all the time ~Ashley
RT : im a colorist as well (davinci resolve) teach me what you no about color please we don't have schools in my country
Opening Bell… quaint… some guy rocked it tonight. That guy's just so cool ;P
Yeah the auto-DMs are bad news!
I sent your photo to your aol account.
shut up:)
Why am I do obsessed with the Kardashians? Someone please, tell me.
Because the actual birth date is in November. We like to celebrate around here. Quarter birthdays count for cake too. :-)
just for that I'm rootin for the Mavs!
I haven't tried hoot suite since I switched from the droid to my iPhone. I'm going to check it out
That long awkward caride silence after arguing in the car with your mom.
#TEDMED will televise to schools of medicine worldwide. Let's add Nursing! Via AACN support?!!!
She's living in Corpus. I'm from down there. Port A.
I want 's golden pen. Just for an hour. Okay...2 hours. Sh*t. I'd even settle for her golden eraser.
#sacscoc Have found students more receptive to "learning strategies" than to"study skills".
congrats!! Feel like an adult now?
<---- Here is a definite apologists.
Back to bed gonna be blasting all day
Keep your Composure
Dedicating the Eastbank Esplanade was the first time Vera Katz visited the Eastside
Aight y'all sorry, done with these fools. Now baack to my regularly scheduled optimism
The very worst food in New York is sold on the abandoned stretch of 10th Ave where you wait for the Megabus.
ill look again :)
Would it be possible for you to hold concert tickets for me? And I'll just buy them from you?? ;)
So it may be possible, but it's against the law. Oh well. Thank you for the info.
Hi love!!! Had a fantastic day! Still in the Land of a Thousand Smiles...headed to that dreary and Stuffy city after! LOL!
Rockets gave that win away
Fascinating TV watching Albert Breer reading off his iPhone live on NFL Network as someone inside owners' room texts him
let's hear 3 things about you ...!
If you missed the 1 pm show, catch us at 5:30 on Daily Talk with D'Andra and Dee!
I would describe it as full of beauty and magic!
Harrowing adventures acquiring Diablo 3 Collector's Ed. w/ hubs. Goodness gracious, he owes me. Stressed! And tired!
couldn't get through
That is so not going to happen.
Dinner time, alfredo with steamed veggies and green beans m
#DepressedAsFuck No promises I won't do anything stupid tonight...
OMG it's here
how exciting :) have a wonderful Christmas!
“: Love Texas. Love the south. : Kelly's a Texan at heart” heartKL
hahaha 19th. No excuses for 4 straight bad days..
In thee exercise room.. working out with my besties
How to beat Eli Manning in the Super Bowl - by Tom Brady
Are you still tweeting! OMG! You should be #dancing or #singing or enjoying some #comedy! go on! I won't tell anyone you were here! ;)
I'm usually a do-it-yourselfer but is great for a mani/pedi treat! Where do you go in the South End?
Make the best of it..
Thanks so much for the RT!
Yes Haley, accept that you just got denied lol
RT : Q8 Be genuine but dont talk their ear off, answer the question fully, but leave the tangents for later conversations.
...whatever, I'll be in Monaco.
I saw half. Didn't like it. Couldn't watch the rest.
Legal fight over deportation warnings heating up in South Florida
unreal. Gotta make free throws though that's not the coach
I'd love to hear how others manage their code. Well, maybe love is too strong a word...but interested!
i was going to chat with other fans, and it said that i couldnt access that page, oh....i need my adam lambert fix!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Enjoying the keynote speaker at the ICE conference
voted for your brother from every phone and on line!!!!! He is the best!!!!!!
Happy Friday! Be sure to try our fish fry featuring Lake Perch from and let us know your thoughts!
Watching 90210. Apparently Dylan played a bunch of chess on his European vacation.
yup!! Went to the flames game last night to!
You are awesome on the show tonight. Love your calm confidence!
waiting for the boyfriend video......:)
SWEET DESIGN!!! WOW! Can't wait!
Elmington Park is the the place2 b 2day fm 11-5.beautiful day seating available.7 entrees,13 sides 6 desserts.all this out of a truck!!!
tacos rule.
What do you mean problem? I Embrace-y the Case-y and his beard of wonders. :)
tired, nd sick of b/s... Bad combination.
you know you can remove it (cars from Klout) if you want right?
Meeting now! Discussing the future ALEC protest in New Orleans on August 5th!
does Jordan still have a girlfriend?
i honestly thought Ruffalo was better and i really liked Ed Norton in the role
just ctrl alt del enter and that'll lock it - childproof.
“: 73 Yeas, Vikings stadium proposal passes the House” sorry...
Hey mommy! And thank you! How funny I just texted some of your students about FSPA <U+2764>
I'm running Windows 7 in VirtualBox in Windows 7 to run IIS. Is this the matrix?
Im really worried about him there's too many Georege Zimmermans out there!!
don't worry - I also still use the phrase "in vogue" - or sometimes "En Vogue" --
I ended up not submitting to #4c13. I intend on going to Cuba this Dec and that'll be expensive enough. Sigh.
Monkeys are like humans only with more hair lol
I am so thankful! so very thankful! Blessings come to my life in the most unexpected ways....
Hey Kyle just checked out ur website. FAB U LUS!! & thanks again for the laughs on set. U 2 should really go on the road lol;)
#SJSharks power play looked lost to start the third. Nothing doing.
Idk you but that's definitely not true at all! No one is a disappointment. Nobody's perfect! Keep your head up! #ThinkPositive!
have faith
happy Friday! New Casa?
put me through a tough work out at the gym yesterday! That man is a beast. "If your not super setting, your not working out!"
We are following you
are you engaging in the sad phenomenon sweeping the nation - #sleeptweeting ??
can you tell me what dish is this?
RT if you'll be adding tribal print to your closet this weekend!!
Thx for RT. Your website is down? Can't click it from your twitter profile
I'm my own grandpa
In what world does the fan's experience trump $? College sports is a multi-billion dollar business. Its not about students anymore.
Yeah alright!
Number of slides is important! Use more slides than normally would in classroom session. Use graphics
Happy Saturday. Reading digital comics an rocking out to some itunes tracks :-)
Interesting stat. I would love to know the source, if you get a sec.
Boating in Boston Harbor with and the crew... beautiful day!
ach. sorry. Had MatriarCHI lunch today.
founder of red bull died...red bull and vodka in your honor my friend
Thanks for coming out to see us and our wonderful guest!
The best! RT : I'm thankful for a beautiful sunny day that I can spend with my kids.
And no one can´t fight because we still care about that person, Who understands us, makes you feel better when your sad... and everything
British colonial/African relations in South Africa are not identical to White/Black relations in the United States.
Why am I always not right?
Is it baited or bated breath? I've seen both.
okay!!(: do they have clampless ones?
Ten minute break for the jury in the Ybarra trial.
Hunger Games readers all up & down the beach & I'm rockin "the murder of Mary Phagan and lynching of Leo Frank"
RT: Fake Casting News: Kevin Spacey agrees to host next year's Oscars EXCLUSIVELY in jaunty, Music Man style patter.”
Speaking about Social Media this morning in Boulder to the women of Renegade Entrepreneurs.
This is seriously irritating. I don't know if I can read this whole book if I'm constantly distracted by the poor formatting... Gah.
Brunch and hiking at Red Rock w Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing mothers out there, especially my amazing mom!
check you email
Patience is a virtue. But waiting is a punishment.
bourbon and stars, please. oh, and welcome to seattle, sir.
I'm so sorry. He worked his butt off though!
If the strength of the coffee in the lounge is any indication, there is some *serious* studying going on here at the
Jessie I need some boy advise
bubble bowl!
The worst feeling in the world is knowing you've been used and lied to.
I'm hoping to be in Vegas, too. Maybe we can meet by the pool. :-)
RT : Kudos to Board for approving $75k for #Commute Options, thru which employers help workers #drive less...
Work! Then spending some Time with my sister
Very Bored With NOTHING To Do
I will take any opportunity to remind people of how well I know CENTER STAGE.
im getting paid to go to Vegas in two weeks :D
"The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind."
your such a whore . god.
are geniuses, in making this great program!
<sarcasm>thanks for letting us know about our expired credit card on our account before locking it.</sarcasm>
Oh gosh he's here -.-
I'm reckless at McDonalds
I've told you and told you about that... it's not real. It's like a little play, you see.
Anybody like the new lloyd joint with lil wayne-pusha?
#Follow our fancy #friends!
“: is showing me some really unique things about the D! #awesome #jobs”-->Great!
Oh Pegs. You look so cute. You're gonna be let down so hard.
“: k im about to hide in my closet like ” it's actually not that bad...I'm sleeping in mine. Hehehe
The average driver will honk 15,250 times in their lifetime!
I miss you too
You are welcome; going to return the favor? Schucks, I'd love to have you follow me.
You must decide, as a dancer, how will you make your mark.
no offense, computers! :)
Man this fish turned out great!
Excited about our show nashville this friday night with west and the junkyard horns !!
everybody ain't got your bball I.Q cuzzo we already established this...Gotta Know The Game not just what's on paper
I want to say "what are the odds?" but both he and I would frown and wag a finger at shoddy statistical thinking. :-)
I expect for them do something about it. Have some of those candles or repellents available.
The RED show on Monday!!! Retweet my next tweet guys
Sending a shout out to Rene for meeting the EATEN crew at #WeekendOfHorrors and letting them know you saw us on Twitter!
please will you please follow me#muchlove<3
Destiny begins at the place of gratitude!!
Love our clients!
I introduce to you the latest and possibly one of my favorite mixes and Soundtrack to my Saturday Night residency...HAVEN by Kristian Caro
home from running an errand and getting lunch. working on master bathroom cleaning now
Headed to Seattle for the day...
. Used to go to movies alone all the time and love it. GF likes going with me now, but 3 Stooges may be by myself again.
per msnbc.com Sharron Angle says she was shocked by her Nov. 2 loss to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid
If you come to Chicago and don't see me I will never speak to you again. It would make sense, I wouldn't want to embarrass u
If it<U+FFFD>s set up right, it<U+FFFD>s a rich environment of lots of learning and sharing of important material
<U+200E>'Tis the season for Red Velvet Cake doughnuts! Come and get yours!
It's Wednesday and it's time to write.
Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.
I recognize you from writing nice things about Re: Tom Gabel story, tho, you sound very sheltered. Why flaunt it?
RT Landing in Dallas home sweet home. > when are u coming home for good?
In regards to my last tweet, that's not totally true. I spent a good 5 hours out near some mountain getting shitfaced. That was a highlight.
I miss the mountains..
Are you prepared 4 crisis: Can you get a video from your CEO in 4 hours anytime/ anywhere in the world?
hey titty sucker
Stanton's has an open weekend at home, before heading off to KMEA next weekend and OMEA two weeks after that. Busy, busy, busy...
It's #HappyHour somewhere!
your welcome so watcha been up 2 today my good friend
dude I just looked up the scorecard from 96" waken me and moondog fought and all the judges had it 30-27 w/ me as the winner
“: Scheduling n more scheduling” stay on your grind man..dreamin of bein in that spot someday
Lesson pays off for students, food bank
no problem, youre nice to me(:
playin the races from tvg with my bro.
Some opinions about Q&A websites?
ahh i want it all backk
#10ThingsIWantToBuy shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes and shoes!
Mr Draper, you are a cold sob.
lol pretty sweet huh?
Security guard at work asks me if I'm a police officer because of the TARDIS lunch box I'm carrying. Couldn't make that up.
Award for best use of #socialmedia RT : Insta-Twitter Accounts...
Lmfao! That's why im watching the VMAs.!
Fuck. God damn it Castro.
i'm not quite sure of the time change on the east coast but its only 530 here lol
Y'all could watch over me :') Lol
Opened LONG $AUDUSD @ .99328; 12% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 93% SHORT
btw today is superbowl. the other american holiday.
How hard is it to b straight up now a days??
take time each day to feel the glorious sensation of your voice vibrating through you!
Happy New Year all!! New updates and exciting things coming very soon!!!!
Wow. RT : Dr. Brian Cole estimates 8-12 months for DRose recovery.
Great I'm sick. >___<
My terror twin and I let's take over the world
Got second place in the battle of the bands at Altar Bar!!!!!!
DAVE LETTERMAN ON HIS SHOW TONIGHT SAID "FOR THOSE KEEPING SCORE, PROTESTERS ARRESTED 70 AND WALL STREET EXECUTIVES ZERO. WAKE UP PEOPLE!
The city of Memphis is on suicide watch
Based on personal experience...no win situation...look for another position elsewhere
U did the dam thang at The Palace in Baton Rouge just wished u could have performed longer
we can handle that - what night will you be?
#happyNewYear hope it brings some great times for everyone!
Interested in being PR director or secretary? We will be having elections 2/21 after the meeting. E-mail
Shell factory today!
kinda excited haha
Getting set to head back home. Not cut out for all this confounded driving.
Who has liked us on FB?! If we get to 250 likes, will upload another video
Big day for the #Madden13 development team. Private showing of the Oscar winning documentary
Great, thank you! How is your morning going?
My kitten is such a cartoon! She was playing peekaboo with herself in the mirror earlier; now she's playing NINJA HATTACK! with my pen :)
Nearly 1/4 of all millionaires pay a lower tax rate than millions of middle-class families. Use zaahah to connect now!
I would say I'm jealous but that would be the opposite of the truth.
Writing emails, being happy.
Happy Monday.
Rushing to get those holiday gifts wrapped?We have both pre-wrapped items and gift wrapping services! Check it out with our 10-20% off sale!
This morning i wake up a little sick but am good
Going to walk 3 miles for Cancer... walking with Tia Lidia, Tio Paul, my dad and me .... We <3 Sonia
Thnx for sharing. Yes, we're posting away
Everyone follow our cutest favorite bartender
exposure + faith in the people = possibilities
As East Coast native I couldn't be more excited! RT Impressive sourcing! RT First Dunkin' near us: Camp Pendleton.
Im working on waking up early. Just gotta get over these first few weeks.
Tryna plan the move for tonight but old girl keeps shooting down all my ideas...UGH
Aortic Anatomy and Function video - Animation by Cal Shipley, MD Trial Image Inc.
Leave it to a guy from NASA, to help start the turn around of the ASTROS.
u has been tweeted at
Glad you liked it! :) RT: That Banana Harvest granola bar by Sunbelt I just ate, um, gave me new life!!!!!
Dude, do you have any teeth?
If it's a yellow line track problem, where are the blue line trains at the pentagon!?
Send DeAndre home!!!
Boo. Shame on Fox for considering Sean Payton
DID U GO TO THE PARTY?
Now "Ayy Ladies" by Travis Porter is on Usher Pandora Playlist.....WTF!!!!!
If you were the AD at Arkansas would you fire Bobby Petrino?
TDJakes lost control of his church today to the Holy Spirit. Just finished. Sometimes God wants you at His place and time.
FYI, the spelt cookies will be made in separate kitchen with separate equipment. gf kitchen will remain intact and uncontaminated.
So Brays is scared of Devils not bears.
I fully understand gut check revulsion to SBC but I'm want to wait and see because I want a Mercury movie that's awesome
Sleep well! Will let you know tomorrow whether I got the hook up or not!
U will emerge a stronger warrior
In my small world, I consider that hubbub :)
You know how I do!
Anytime, Sir ;) I want so bad
So many accidents when it rains..people in AZ don't know what do with themselves when it rains lol
its an honor to directly answer the ? of the citizens
In Europe and turning on pre moderation of blog comments for the week,:)
datpiff is broke #taylorallderdice broke the internet
#wehaveabirthdaaaaaaay #theawkwardmoment when you sit there not knowing what to do while everyone sings to u
Belieber since 2009, still here in 2012, I will be here until the end. This isn't the end, it's only the beginning of his life
Tony (if u have a moment), what time should we line up for check-in Fri AM & to get our tickets? as a noob, I'm getting nervous.
We will be live tweeting today's events all day!
We are so looking forward to hosting you this fall! Chicago & cannot wait!
Im muhammad ali yu sonny
DYK? Sharon Pratt Kelly First woman mayor of Washington, D.C. is a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha ..
For Vegas bro? Haha my parents hinted at getting me one next year but hell no daw brand new. Haha
BET. I got special weapons. never see them coming
Every day, I wake up and home that will start tweeting again.
been recording for so long but thanks to my sister and dad that bother me every 5 seconds being bothered while recording is not fun
Come to S'pore plz~~since I'll live here for more than 4 years and if u dont come, I would be bored... Love ya!!
did you make those?
Some days, doesn't everyone on the bus look like they came straight out of central casting for a Fellini movie?
funny lill mistake.. i thought it was hilarious.. i been emitting mad energy.. the universe responses!
Nonstop until Friday~
Thank you, Fashion Week, for bringing so many gorgeous model boys into my daily routine for the next 6 days!
your back in Mi already?
absolutely ... It was the highlight of my weekend!!
#Drakkar RT find me one person named sergio who isn't wearing an entire bottle of cologne
“: Country girl Skylar Laine is up. Will she make it? #Idol” I hope so!
RT The best feeling is when I look at you, and you're already looking at me <U+2665>
it no longer wks w/antivirus autofill of username or passwords. It's driving me NUTS.
I always fall for bad boys.
good times!!! what a day. can't wait for magic Monday!!!!
's Phil Neal just presented about #mLearning at Medical Device Conference. Great event with great people!
kik: eeemy16 . you know you want too ;)
what's tf?
Touchdown Vikings!! Teeeeheeee!! Go, Vikes!!! Now don't let the Girls do another come-from-behind...
follow back :)
Da Future will be performing with Partners-N-Crime on Wednesday at Fred's Bar in Tigerland! See you there!
Cheaper phone from Apple should be a negative for the stock. Market has got this one wrong. AAPL should decline...
Allowing myself a chai break because I only have like the last three paragraphs to write. GO GO GO.
Scooters would be nice to have hah
A new day a fresh start. Thinking back to last night I just wanna say I'm sorry. (<U+3002>-_-<U+3002>)
can I get a follow back!? :)
I never feel more at peace with myself than when I'm sitting on the toilet drinking coffee
How was your easter? What cocktail did you enjoy? Did you match it to your bright pink heels?
I will! Need to take some photos of actual dolls first. XD
GO LAKERS!!! And come on Pacers and our Lobos own Danny Granger!!!
yes hauling this my bf!
Me neither. RT : Didn't know its National Grammar Day.
Happy New Year from Evans Nelson & Company CPAs. What is your new year's resolution?
“: So you gotta have a big ass.. To have a relationship nowadays?? That's the only way to be takin serious?? <U+0001F633>”not at all
I don't come to your call, what am I a dog ? Sorry I'm trying to fix this but obviously you don't care . Whatever I'm done trying .
happy birthday!!! Have the best day ever! Don't let anyone put u down!!! :)
Law Office of Mercedes V. Castillo has joined twitter!
good man!
Finally watching Abduction!! Was not able to catch it at the theater so I got it yesterday on DVD. Pushing play. Excited!
Specialised Employment for SAP and Oracle Employment ... - Careers
Not sure how excited I am about season 4 of Community anymore now that Dan Harmon has been replaced..
Currently watching Jeff Johnson's Non-Stop Traffic Formula. I'm sure he's a great guy but his sing-song delivery is really annoying.
yes but Melbourne is amazing!!
Ground control to Major Tom... Time to start thinking of ideas for halloween costumes I can bike in
Thanks for the compliment, Monica I've been using www.janedowdphotography.com for years. I'm sad that she's moving away soon.
I'm already back to #ICS from #Miui. ICS is just that awesome.
I'm glad you saw the errors of your ways
14.6 million Americans smoke pot on a regular basis... RETWEET IF YOUR ONE OF THEM
Oh yeah... How is it?
What's a king to a God?
nothing just watching glee
i've been busy narrowing down the best of the 60 or so songs i have written since december!
Just saw a baby crying on Santa's lap. My trip to the mall is complete...
We just found out that a competitive analysis we did for a #nwindiana clt just helped them get investor $. Woo-hoo!
Missed the gym today....that makes 20 years in a row....
#whyilovebritney because has never been anything but herself!
A huge THANK YOU to , & #Cuts4aCause is going to be great!
welcome to twitter
- Thanks for the mention - being #38 is GREAT! http;//t.co/8-cclqLM
Thinks that would make a great #VMAHost...PS he's available!
lol! Thx! RT : hey man congrats on being verified.... Now you know you really are Paul Cubby Bryant LOL!!!!
Thank you!
Oh eeeeh oh ah ah ting tang walla walla bing bang
- Thanks for following us and Aloha!
Fav strait club
Calling the right leads at the right time with the right message increases conversion rates
just wait...I have faith the second half will be his...wade hasn't really taken great shots either
Good grief, , you're such a T's. cc
what is happening today....too nice not to be outside...
lookin to shoot a music video, short film, feature, commercial etc holl at me!! can do it. Email us::
apparently God wants my mom to get juviderm? lol...
I think it's great that you want to share these unreleased projects with us! How could anyone dislike the guy who did Paparazzi??
I Come In Lookin Like A Zombie or Some Shit lol
thanks following back
cruel?? ok whatever. You can call me mommy as long as it can make you happy
I wish people wouldn't die, especially the closest ones.
GOOD MORNING FUCKERS
Can't I just go back home curl up on the couch with a blanket and watch movies all day....
Pushing social apps to creative edge is great, - turning every app into duck tape makes them less effective tools.
RT : #dsum12 China is a growing online market outpacing the US of new online users.
Overheard at #BWI: ''Do you need directions?'' ''No, we just need to know where to go.''
Loved the opening set by These United States...
Productivity Mode ON!!!!!
What scary is a dark room. With a closet jus open.
how was my movie?
Grand Opening January 9th! RT and spread the news
CraVing to watch some #MED where have you been
Getting ready to start studying all day, yaaaaaay.
Another picture perfect day
I'm a panelist tonight at an #AT1 event in Winston-Salem. I'll be talking about #JDRFRidetoCure 2012.
Saw a job desc calling for a candidate with a "solid grasp of Python." Picturing a Conan the barbarian type, wrestling giant snakes.
District 9 is an awesome movie. Thoughts?
In Salt Lake checking out the Wasatch mountains & chillin at a funky internet cafe...waiting for happy hour followed by Mona Gras.
I definitely should NOT have "liked" Whataburger on facebook because now all their food is just rubbed in my face and I can't have any!!!
I run shit here!!!!!!U just live here!!!!!Thats ok......Cause imma burn this muthafucker down.....
hey can you go follow ?
most definitely. The trio. Fo sho on the dance moves. Choreography a la Frumkin. What what!
Thanx to Nightly Standard for having us Sat You guys rocked! Shout out to & for coming out to support
Either of you see an internship post from us on medlib-l Friday? got conf email but never saw it.
. Heh. Never did really get the nap. Interrupted by phone call...back at the work. Who was I kidding?
It's starting to feel like Lake Weather!! DMTX just listed several lake front homes & now I am looking forward to floating in the Texas sun
let me know if you wanna set up a release date we can make a cover art photo for the promo.
Photography is a major force in explaining man to man. ~Edward Steichen
Back pain affects over 100 million Americans! Get a #massage this weekend to relieve your pain at Massage Envy Spa Cottonwood (505) 922 0202
I look like a fag.
yeah, hardly productive my friends..
Thanks for the RTs!
Can I be excused from school. I'm allergic to people
duh. I put it at the top of our homepage. And by "our homepage" I mean the deleted messages folder of my email.
you can just call me rory.
Picked up the Adele 21 CD a couple days ago. Good stuff. I heard the song on the radio and actually purchased it. Music isn't dead yet!
Ouch! 8am Monday meetings?! I don't have one of those, but I still managed to squeeze in a couple hours today.
WOW am I ready for the WEEKEND! Tonight its shopping spree at Microcenter! Tomorrow night its HOUSE MUSIC at The Red Door!
that was gold. Gold, I tell you! Lol.
working, bo call in sick! haha
Hope to see you, too! I'm in and out though--under deadline.
I always do but yet you never notice me :( </3
NFL Predictions: Browns @ Ravens; Ravens -11 or Ravens -575
#ThoughtsWhileRunning damn,my sides hurt!!!
Sometimes the forces of destiny bring people together
thought I was just giving commentary to the student presentations, but found out I must give my own. smidge irked, but gonna knock it out.
Got some awesome tunes lined up for my #shivanata class this morning. Flailing synchronizes to any music.
happened earlier when the Tigers scored on a SF. I thought runner was on 2nd, but he was on 3rd.
hey shannon your veru pretty(my friend doesn't think you are because I think you have a better chance with roc than her)random
Most definitely! Good for you! “: Standing next to Brad and Angelina while they were being ushered in. Once in a lifetime.”
dress snuggled up if you are heading to the #LAMarathon Expo today! Lots of great vendors, displays, booths, & goodies! Come down!
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I see you o.O
I'd rather be at school than this life gaurd training.
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.
YES, I have a lay in tomorrow, be jealous!
Family Research Council? If you're a Christian family who denies scientific research findings.
It wasn't a very good one just sayin
I fear you are right to worry about trees in Riverside Park. Ground is wet and soft. It may not hold some trees in wind
As it should be. :)
There's so much too much info on IE site, I can't find a clear answer: do they have a policy on re-use in author's own dissertation?
so many chances... so much heartbreak...
“: That workout with and >>> #crazyabs” You whooped my tail!
They care far more about embryos and fetuses. The actual women? The number of fucks they have for them? ZERO.
We've seen unprecedented football from Timothy. I can't bet against the Broncos. If you believe, you can achieve :)
I ate a piece of that evil chocolate cake for breakfast.
Send all donations to youdonthavedreamsyouhavemovis.com
": Who made up the word 'drizzle'? Like "it's drizzling out." #thingsiwonder " ..-Snoopdogg??
Going to vanish into library for a while. 'Bye, twitterverse.
Team adam coming up next.
schooling myself on Redd Kross in prep for blackout saturday. i hope they do phaseshifter stuff..and not third eye stuff
Pretty sure my dad and I are the only people under the age of 60 in the cardiologist office
I'm going to change a fantasy team name to this, trust it.
not true. They are 1-4 when scoring first
I mean, we have our nuts on the left, but you don't see serious candidates catering to the "bush planned 9/11" crowd.
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind. Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
This will hopefully be a lazy Saturday highlighted by a trip to the dry cleaners...
you were so close! We were seats 17 & 18.
that makes no sense
There are so many new music genres out there, compared to the 70s!
Tomorrow is the last day of the 7 days of Beer! Catch the Cowboys game on the NFL Network! It WON'T be on Time Warner
Oh come on...it's only 18.1666667 days!
Amen to that one!
you guys are gonna ruin it.
Sounds amazing! RT : Femmedia! is creating a new media literacy curriculum for young women, around issues of sexuality.
Trying out the Galaxy Note for the next 3 weeks. Pretty impressive phone, but I'm still not 100% sold on the 5.3" screen.
ROSES ARE RED VIOLETS ARE BLUE IM BOUTTA BE SINGLE I ONT REALLY WANT U nomreee! : )
Indeed we'll never know but, as a whole, free music on the net = less revenue for artists (and shitty sound quality)
Good night (: I love you
agh, we did the same thing a few weeks ago. Crazy expensive!
We will definitely try
Heydrich says court should be "careful" about "picking" at something that is going to be "so important to the community"
Dear referees, fouls should be called when there is actual contact, not when you feel one team needs a lift.
beer in his hand on all three pictures,funny as hell
Two days off in Detroit, what to do? I think my computer is sick of me..
u doing it now
god north carolina that was SO GAY
Can you elaborate?
Yea! I'm there RT : Christmas in july, PIB?
I'm always amazed when I piss in bars how many people carry around spare Sharpies.
Free advice: go look at your last blog post date businesses. Ours was Feb 29! Time flies... Posting a new one today as that's ridiculous!
wine works! I'm actually in rainy SEA vs Austin. Couldn't make it this yr. :(
Feeling old walking in the door. When I was younger I'd just now be walking out the door
Why there is a show called "When animals attack"? It should be called "When stupid people go near dangerous animals."
I'll always have u just like a tattoo </3 :***
We have Salad Reward Cards!Create your own chopped #salad, buy 7 get 1 #FREE Make em count, come & try today !
Testing out our "structure validation service" for checking chemical structure files for hypervalency, charge balance, absent stereo & JUNK
I've wondered if it would work. Very excited to read it does!
So pretty! Have fun!!
Ok, sounds good. I will tweet you when I get close to ATL, and we can meet up there.
Looking forward to continued collaboration and content engagement
If it's possible to squee with Cookie Monster vocals, I just did it.
My dad was a huge Fuck up. And my mom was dumb lololol
Tonight I get to watch Sorcerer, one of my favorite movies!
« #HowCanYouExpect to get respect . . if you dont give it . .»
honor your past. enjoy the present. prepare for the future.
Can't wait to hear the voiceover, Mr Ubik!
Baseball and Steak Night. Get in here!
groping your flyer...
: I saw Beauty & The Beast in 3D. It's a feast for the soul. Lovingly romantic.
Great folks to follow:
you trying to play there?
the way she dance you would think she used 2 be a stripper lol
I want to so sleepy ": Back 2 sleep"
The two other guys on the elevator both had boxes of brownie mix, what a strange coincidence
I'm assuming Austin is vegetarian-friendly... Right? Any downtown suggestions?
Thank you, friend!!
so true
RT : This is just a little far...ugh! Running for class president or USA President? #justsayin <-how so?
haha happens to me on that game all the time! It seems like the answer is on the tip of your tongue
i figured it out, i think im dying
The new record is coming....
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, if you have any questions make sure to ask me :)
I love you because you haven't given up on me :)
At Trish fam house...why are we still here?
Happy Birthday !
after 10 hr day today and a 9 hour day tomorrow, alcohol is an absolute certainty.
wow that is quite a list! DC needs this! The reverse VC pitch sounds interesting.
Umm that's up to you whatever is easier either one works for me(:
Thanks for kind wishes. Mainly I am learning about what awaits us if we're lucky: old age, hearing aids, Polident, push walkers
Is Facebook's growth healthy? 1M members per day, if true, we could see 1/10th of the world using Facebook by middle way through 2010..!
Kids With Type 2 Diabetes: Combo Treatment Best?
Tonight in the Twin Cities -- and the ... Keep an eye out friends!
I expect to see a lot of Cinco De Mustaches at tomorrow's tailgate. That is all.
um hoping he didn't die bc I will not be able to deal !
If my calculations are correct, when this baby hits 88 mph, you're gonna see some serious shit
St. Mary's cardinals going for the title today, good luck!
u still foe tha gym life thursday? Hit me
S/O 2 #MNF sexy ass a lady whos loves the Packers im bout to faint!! Shes now on #TeamPackers!!
you're welcome. :-)
I hate taking this bum order. He be so stank.
go to sleep
#RedCross is taking # donations for victims of the
Damn! Rainbow In The Dark, yo.
Sunday night celtics and your boy?
I wish 2Pac was alive...I just wonder what kinda fire he would be spittin' today .
no worries. Easy to be fired up about hoch
The value of books are declining! Reason being...Amazon allows people to post for sale books at .01 cent; some books are worth more than...
our baby sister shes 5 her name is Alana dnt u got hella guys in ur fam? Ours is mostly girls
Glad to see you!
Thanks for all of your #FF's!!!!
cc w/r/t his amusing micropublished anecdote re: chasing down pickle truck, very much on mind as I was blathering to dude (3/3).
eww! Never in a million years!!!!!!!
The rice is so needy, so very thirsty.
Big warm up today with temps around 15C (yesterday it was 2C). We will be sorry come April when we have massive thunderstorms (prediction)
Oh! Thank you for the heads-up - I didn't know that! I think this means I'll be taking a long lunch break. :)
My hair is full of confetti-____- oh well, what a EASTER!!:D
Man, I should shut off the computer. Watching stuff that makes me sad isn't a good plan.
ive broken so much flatware in my life, i feel like the damn hulk
thanks so much for sharing all of your work with us. it was great to meet you all!
haha well still ate it
God bless everyone!!!
My foot fell asleep, so I drew a penis on it.
Watching final destination 5 :)
It's funny that if a guy said all this to ur ugly face or on twitter about u u wouldn't say not a word u would e too scared u would only do
MW: Jazz Fest and no open containers. Remember that when the city website doesn't work and you can't get anything done. Me: *&^$*&@^#@^@%$
I really wish u talked about Neurofeedback for a neurological issue... Especially in lieu synthetic drugs in the brain
I really need a good cry session right now.
What benefit is running if you're on the wrong road. -John Mason
I wish I worked in that office right now....I just sucked down a plum hoping it would turn into a cupcake..no such luck.
Usually this is laundry night, but it's storming outside & I'm not in the mood to fight the weather en route to laundromat
What did you think of Isobel's tantrum? Was she this much of a pain last season? Haha I don't remember her being so unbearable.
If you let me inside of your world<U+0001F3B6>
Mrs.smith is going to take your phone again and say "omg I have to save a kid out of the water #fml"
Bajan Reggae night disappoints
so clearly the best record label in the world....hard to even come up with the 2nd best. Record Store Day April 21.
Back to business as usual today. Come say hi!
XD I feel so special
Uwm sce languages classes going on as planned tonight.
Lol oh goodness.
You're not gonna find any place with better #HappyHour #specials than #Fridays! Choose from $5 LITs, $2 domestic drafts and MORE!
I'm tearing myself away from that Dakota Fanning Brittney Murphy movie and tuning in
Thank you for the follow! - Jason
If you love someone, be brave enough to tell them, otherwise, be brave enough to watch them be loved by someone else.
Franklin tomorrow
Don<U+FFFD>t play hard to get, instead play hard to forget
Braves bullpen needs to get their shit together! Come on Johnny!
Tonight was so much fun! Thanks to everyone who put the show on and to all those who came out!!!!! We truly appreciate all your support.<3
where is my mind c:
Historically Food prices only rise when unusual weather takes place… this is not currently the reason.
195k ish at dinner break. Have a pretty tough table considering the field left.
these cards are gorgeous! looking at the luxury economy in the new world and these just made me swoon a bit!
Actually I've heard really good things about it. I'm going to see it soon.
I hope we blow the Pacers out by 40 just because Hibbert and Vogel were talking reckless.
Judas, maybe. Treason for sure.
What a great birthday I had .. So blessed.. Cant wait till next weekend though to celebrate again with all the rest of my friends .. <3
Cats & Dogs should be fed 2x a day. No free feeding to ensure vitality, enhance the immune system, help them slim down & build better blood
Fame by David Bowie was co written by John Lennon...he plays guitar and sings on it. What a badass song
I love microsoft office 2010
but you never get it right
well absolutely better to tell her. Was nice of u. Some wouldn't.
Oh my fuck, stop calling me miss cori. Biggest turn off....EVER.
I f*cking HATE the tomahawk chop chant at Turner field/ Fulton County Stadium. Bad memories
Enjoy! RT : Much needed day off in rainy NYC! Time to gym it and go find some grub!
ok then watch the other NEW vid i sent you plz plz plz im going to send u one each day
Oh dear!
From Heavier storms moving out of Sheboygan & moving into Washington & Waukesha Counies
Does anybody know some indie artist with great music? Dm/Tweet me! I'd really appreciate it! :)
There might be Reebok markings on it.
Woohoo Opening Day,O's...here I come!!
Upon further review, yes, he was.
ALbert Pujols hits 40th hr, 5th time he has done that in his career, Pujols is right up there with Ozzie Smith and Lou Brock IMO!!
When you say "don't look" everyone looks. but when you say "look" no one does."
Listening to BABY by the one and only JB
nice theme
Image rotators change focus unexpectedly and can interfere with web legibility,
Happy Easter New York
You can't let other people tell you who you are. You have to decide for yourself.<U+2665>
I have so many things to do :(
RT : Same old stuff, just a different day.
We learned so much this week with ! If you couldn't make it tonight, don't worry! Same time next week: 8:30 for Animated HipHop!
while everyone is having an awesome time at Austin's concert...ill be sitting home alone, dying.
watching Greys Anatomy, AKA, the new place for music videos and bad acting.
did you get my email? just a quick dash for awards. will be back soon, eager to hear abt your gig!
Oh awesome! I'll have to check them out this weekend. Thanks!
HOP into the weekend w/ & tonight! 9p is Music & 6p is 5th Annual Bunny Hop Bar Crawl. 950 W Webster Ave Chicago
Good Morning Tweeties!!!! Today is going to be a WONDERFUL day!!!!
Go Coyotes!!
Marsha Semmel emphasis: informal learning occurs across generations -how museums and libraries are crossing physical-digital bounds
I'm not the type to sit here and just act like an emotional bitch.
The finals beard is coming in hot right now
pop into your local #costco and grab a bag of sweet potato for your #superbowl party!! big bag for a big game!
I'm talkin the real deal...I MAY even be able to spring for a desert...Thatd have to be right on the 1st or the 15th though lol
I consider it an honor to have you follow me #VO #voice over
Knicks fan for life!
I went through Hell I'm expecting heaven, I'm owed
I work with lazy ass motherfuckers. Either lazy or stupid, I haven't figured it out yet.
It was derived from street-fighting skills where you instinctively try to defend yourselves from the attackers by any means possible
praying that this weather holds out til sunday...
RT : George Soros is investing $1B in #cleantech, leveraging Silver Lake Kraftwerk as a partner.
#2FollowersThatShouldDate me and . Bang me
Think UWM has a shot at winning the horizon?
George Zimmerman Neighborhood Watch - mens hoodies
Beauty is not flawless.. It shines even through your flaws
Woah. I think I have to be in this video. What are you doing the 12th & 13th hm?
: To avoid 'who dat?' moments when I speak in your general direction from this new handle, I am also that guy -->
:-) #thebulls won last night (good game btw, hope u didn't miss it) let's see the #whitesox win today:-)
RT : I love myself so much right now, ima diddle myself
Wednesday night is Lady's night. $5 Three Olive Drinks and $3 Wines. For EVERYONE..
nice. a big moment.
Busy week ahead. We're gearing up for the trunk show at this Friday and Saturday. Hope you all can make it!
just let me know, im ready
Playing all of old music !! Stuff I forgot existed but still know the words !!
Back from a week scaling 13K ft mtns in CO. Right now the pile in my inbox looks higher than any of them. #vacation -- worth it?
This coffee is
Oh my man i love him so, he'll never know
woah tht girl has some issues ... Haha nope ur not even close to that you waay soo much nicer ! (:
Every day, I'm just slightly irked that 's map of front pages defaults to the East Coast.
NBA Playoffs 2012: Power Ranking the Championship Favorites, 2 Games in - Bleacher Report
a liter of woodford it is!
RT : my,"When UR right about an issue, how necessary is it to make the other person wrong?"
yo bitch i weigh 88 cents but ill still kick your ass bill chin
Wealthy citizens in the northern pan handle of West Virginia opposed secession and pushed for a new state!
Of course we are open on Mother's Day. 11 am to 4 pm. Come on out and bring mom!
She Say I'm Gettin Cocky, I Say I Been A Dick
This place is about to fill up with 4 year olds. Or "little monsters" as they're known in the business.
There is NO comparing the CTA to Metra. I'll pay that money to ride the Metra ANYDAY! The ratchetness on this red line is unbelievable...<U+0001F612>
need more friends on facebook add me on my facebook @ facebook.com/toninkajj or tis is my email
Lazy night at home and loving it!!!
Great Q! If the case, then restructuring is a must. Where to begin, my fam is now aware, hope not2late 4myson?
Performing with the ISO and Maestro Jack Everly in 4 Pops performances this weekend. All about "One Day More" in this show.
awesome #gphholidays party!!!
Just got back from mile run just under 8 minutes
My favorite natural hair product line is________________! (please fill in the blank)
Going out for a long run. Have a good one everyone.
Thanks, We had a great time.
Yes it is!!!! RT : life is good
Apparently the inspiration for the artist was the 1950s beach hotels along FL east coast. Tacky touristy!
That's why I caught you at eTech Ohio a month in advance! By the way, walking around convention center not advisable.
We'll have a table in a week! Would you rather learn ukulele or African Dance from us?
WOW! Already over 1,100 followers?! You guys are awesome! Make sure you're following my other twitter: ! Love you all! <3
Sorry about the stairs that you had to endure today. I log rolled down my front lawn this morning so I didn't have to.
I feel like such a loser when I'm forced to leave the library on Fridays.
I was hoping you didn't know it was me.... You educated, read before tweeting fucker!
Mrs. Child is dogging today. How embarrassing
T-minus 8 hours.
I hate when people say they hate americal, its like
": Ryan Longwell was honest when he was a free agent, said he wanted to kick in a dome, would prolong his career. And it did."
This guy doesn't comprehend what I'm talking about.
eh those people aren't worthy of your tweets. They don't understand
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 36
She be in twitter jail everyday.
Gen Y xpressions artwork on zanbeel art facebook
thank youu :D
it's the new and improved hakunah MATATA
#FollowSouljaBoy Follow me back!
Looks fantastic! Are you there for the Open House?
Going on youtube this week. No worries.
do you ever try to kiss somebody sexy but you end up hitting the mirror instead?
Bolton missed a great op there!
ahah awe okay , we need oovoo sometime :) , and yeah i know >_< wyd. ?
I got confused my bad I thought u were him sorry
lol i know right! :] i like how she goes "and run to them to theeeeemm" lol
Even Old New York was once New Amsterdam-Why they changed it I can't say, people just liked it better that way.
I love shopping and music so much!! :)
Man, some of y'all stalk celebrities! Mentioning them in every post kinda makes u look like a
Something I want to do before I die. Alligator hunting. Lol
More pressure. More goals. Keep pushing. Finish them.
Best biz advice: Plan a lifestyle and then plan your business...Thanks to our fabulous husbands for supporting our ideas and our business!
I have way to much homework :/
yeah, but negative writing can cause legal headaches
You should teach me some hood haha!
have you purchased your PINK UNDAWAREness yet? If not, visit our website today (www.undawareness.com) and get a pair. They're going fast!
You are smart and talented enough for a 4.0 - Don't ever settle! “: I wana get a 3.5 this semester”
In Delaware at Music&Arts stepup event. This place is rockin!!
Anybody in the 505 have a business/restaurant or know someone who does who would be willing to donate gift cards to a good cause?
He brings an awesome Word.
I've been saying it for well over a year now, Mike "The Situation" does a lot of cocaine. He's in rehab for Cocaine. #Its a hell of a drug"
...what has been your favorite #superbowl movie trailer and why? Best, most creative answers win (see previous tweet for prize info)! 2/2
still tweet me. Be that shit was no good. I waited too long to bring that one lol.
Listening to Chet Atkins on morning commute. Rather upbeat and surreal music for NYC trains.
Michael Norris Spectral Plugins are free. Make sure you have a recent version of audacity that really takes outside plugins.
then i would eat you.
bummer. Thanks for looking into it for me. I appreciate it!
unfollowing everyone unless they dont suck.
I will put that i'm an enchancer in my bio 2morrow. Anyways goooodddnniigghht.
has realized that *all* struggles are internal.
I think I know how it is..and it's not us..
Swag, swag, swag, on you.
Trying to get back in the grove with Twitter after neglecting my tweets for quite some time. It's good to be back, y'all.
Ahh I'm jealous! I think I'm going the 25th
Romney is really a Dem at heart or what ever it takes or cost to stand a chance to win the ultimate prize!!!
Life is like a bowl of soup, you only get blown if your hot.
My client want her hair color like #love&hiphop
Whoa --> RT : So in the past two years, #MTSU will have lost to Brewster and Tubby? Ouch.
1 more day and I'm free! For a week...lol
any reason they would do that?
See you all tonight!
it's uncanny how accurately you just described our past 5 hours. even started calling the other drivers "son."
Should I claim all social/web domains using the term "The Mancision" or has Rick Reilly beat me to that joke already?
Hey that lounge in silver spring looks almost open! Yay.
Avengers again tonight with Sam and Lindsey.(:
Too many missed oppertunities
Seriously Jose Reyes? Leave after 1 plate appearance?
nice peace sign in yours
Please tell me someone has signed you.
Which baby-faced Hollywood star is the next big thing in horror? announcing an awesome new program at 9am est. Stay tuned!
Im not a grunge
you're blessed with unparalleled talent. Your service is commendable. Thanks for singing me through some rough times!
This year's band line-up: Nicole Henry & LeNard Rutledge, Christabel & the Jons and Juanita Dixon
#WeWontWorkoutIf you're jealous of everybody .
Thanks for the #FF Lori!!!
Happy Hour at 5! Professional Development Panel Discussion at 6:30! You'll be at both, yeah?
Happy B-Day Saintly Wife. Regards to Nibbles too. RT Hey twitter, how about a birthday shout-out to Saintly Wife?
Got misled by a guy with long hair and wraparound shades. Can't trust anybody these days.
Just finished the book, incredibly insightful on the inner workings of the business of Beckham, inner workings of the MLS.
"In this is love, not that we loved God, but that He loved us and sent His Son to be the propitiation for our sins." 1 John 4:10
tell still to stop looking at naked pictures on Facebook.. COMPLI!!!!!
Thanks for the follow from the SJS Team!!
90s R&B Music<U+2764>
apparently you two are part of Nevada's History according to historyNevada's twitter.. lol HAppy happy! :)
I'm enjoying the relaxing day off so I feel lucky!! Thnx! You been working hard?
Ah, Razorianfly.com was just blocked at my school! What am I to do?!?!
Follow back we have the roar acct
The music is getting better and better at the Muse Awards!
Yeah, the condom failed.
Butterflies R such beautiful fluttery creatures!! I love seeing them at zoo -- flying all around you. It's pretty magical!!
best of luck tonight- you were my pre 11/6 pick and i'm sure you can take this down. Regards. Alex (from memphis)
Sitting at work....... whoa!!! look at all the fun!
Poll: do you prefer HootSuite or Tweetdeck 1. HootSuite 2. Tweetdeck. Reply to this tweet with the option number
I hope
#FF The 100% twitter fan funded film
Everything worth doing is worth doing twice
maroon 5...is good.
True my little marathon runner, it's not that simple for girls; but it's definitely true for guys.
Getting Whataburger! Finally I know what and say when they say it's amazing!(:
Hamsters are still used as currency in Syria.
Off to Chicago to attend and present Look for our tweets from the conference tracking new trends and insights
9days left in high school
Icant believe they had free Slurpies at 711 yesterday. I really want one! D:
to the one that calls me at 3:30 in the morning four times and hangs up... your a bitch! sincerely me
well i only care for one.
Jerry York might be a great coach/guy but I would like to see the underdog take this one. BC has enough. Give it to FS
What is 'real' art? I prefer the cartoony over realistic stuff. If I wanted to see real stuff, i'd watch a movie.
We had every kind of processed, cured meats that we have now, such as bologna, hot dogs and ham
No you have to go for me man
I've been watching too much #Punk'd so I'm punking a friend on Monday!
Oy. Sometimes I tweet political things and then remember I hate people who do that. Mea culpa. I deleted it.
not bad, what about you?
not fooling with that madness... He got me scared to check twitter after dark!
thanks ash!
Ah, but now you can. With recharged batteries ;)
Young Guru, Dr. Dre, Ali
shut up! damn u sprung
jeanbeautylife: Low Price Bad Elf GPS Receiver for iPod touch ...
Having food aversion towards peeps really is working out for me today
Badgers can't make sack | Tackling problems today | But Badgers force punt! |
"Any man can be a #father, but it takes a special person to be a #dad." - proverb #HappyFather'sDay!
I can hear a lot of Tupac's influence in Curren$y's flow..
Ok, I get a bonus! Listened!! haha, this all went over my head!
Honesty is the chapter one in the book of love- InSpotter mobile app
Watching "Ghost Adventures" :)
RT Remember, if you’re headed in the wrong direction, God allows U-turns!
Hi! :) Hope your doing ok.
she thinks she runs this shit, no honey you don't!
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone hope you all have fun an are safe today/tonite...btw what u all doing... :-)
It is! The tart flavors make a refreshing iced drink :) That sounds like it would also be great iced.
going to hell 4 that one...lol
taking niquil. I'm gone
I cnt stand Metta World Peace!
where and when is this event?
it doesn't give anything away. And last night was ahhhhhmazing. Thank god we have game of thrones to tide us over until season 3
& my grandma always take up for him !!
Hello twitter
This is what we try to do with our art: "I promise to make you so alive that the fall of dust on furniture will deafen you." Nina Cassian
I had to.work lol
KevinFu is here.
cant wait for the new shake it up and mikeys bday in 7 days
I'm in the shade in a garden, with two very calm and adorable guinea pigs. I need a large umbrella and lemonade.
followed -anna
he could have just as easily thrown it to one side or another not straight back
Freebird's has a good sound system! Come on out, one more set from 1:45-3.
Because he IS a dumbass! He should have just stopped after the tooth incident.
Happy Thanksgiving from WPA! Please note that our offices will be closed Thursday and Friday. What are you thankful for this year?
Same to you
etc. It's gonna be in the paper and it's prolly done.
Waiting for anouncement is about to drive me crazy!!!!!
Recent studies show your resume gets about 6 seconds before the recruiter decides if they will consider you for the position.
lucky man, love lala land but stuck here for now, might visit la soon may be I'll run into you mate!
"Equity doesn't mean providing the same things to all students... It's important to invest equitably." -Georgette Bhatena, JP Morgan Chase
Gotta get my bball game going. Simply ain't playing up to par right now!!
There's no repayment for that...
Me and Jordan Benker let's trend
What are your thoughts about FB going public? Let us know!
Well, has all that too, plus.. Puppies, Drugged Bears, and Cross-Country Cats.. we're animal planet today
#MyWorldMemories when restarted baby 3 TIMES in pittburgh cause he was laughing too hard :)
I hate Russ Russ!! lol
Overheard in the library last night - 1L to 1L: "So why are we using CALI in Virginia"?
Love you.. Follow Someday.
true dat. I just threw away the box for my 3-yr old iMac last week.
haha sorry. thank you! :)
u are still a stalker 0_0
Yes. Very.
Jews Scalping Nazis + Brad Pitt + French Cinema owner girl = The antithesis of Amelie. Off to Del Amo Fashion Center / AMC for sanity + AC.
Nina I'm begging you. Please don't tweet about it! I don't want to hear about how great it is
that would be awesome. I almost hope he doesn't witn though if this Madden cover curse is real...
feeling depressed... i have a feeling thats how im going to feel the rest of the weekend :(
Thinking about taking a summer class hm
I am not a has-been. I am a will be. ~Lauren Bacall
Hey , we have some new story ideas for y'all!
happy early bday
Everyone Please Follow Us On Twitter
TY for the mentions and RTs!
some fans will never learn, unfortunately. it'll be the same next year. death threats, racism, adults acting like children, etc
thanks for the RT!
#scarymovierulestoliveby don't answer the phone :)
haha! That couch was scratched up!
sure thing. how can i reach her??
Really enjoy teaching at the Creative workshops. Always a great audience.
for Incident: 120128-000732 the site was nike.com and the version of IE is 9.0.8112.16421. Your system rejected my e-mail reply.
Headed over to the Labor Temple to chat with !
Tribe time! Suite style with and
great post..
#CV city manager saying executive compensation has been cut by 25% already.
When I start thinking anything is possible, I become quite remarkable. When I believe in myself, I have the first secret of success.
Zombies of the night.
yeah. 3 hours of study hall. :/
yeah...kinda.. I didnt do anything except eat chocolate bunnys! You!
Oh, but you totally made up for it with that 3-ball KG. Congrats on winning the ugly battle,
tim benz talked about it on the x this am. i think he said it will be up at gate 3 at Mellon Arena.
I somehow got a B. Whatever at least I didn't fail!! Still hate him tho.
Please stop texting me
Aerating my lawn. Them aerating shoes with spikes are one helluva thigh workout. Work it out!
And thats why we still have Derek Fisher
is there a set date of when the regular season schedule comes out?
I've been off causing trouble. =)
why olive oil??
#sometimesyouhaveto beat a nigga ass to show you not a hoe
say a little prayer to St. Anthony! My mom did it the night I moved & my kitty ran away.
I need a shower now. felt dirty just being there.
lmao I'm watching the same damn thang she must really wanted some juice that day <U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602>
Passion, purpose and faith are an amazing combination.
1000+ at pine & bway according to live stream (& looks plausible)
ESPN 1420 online!
Sign up for the Maui Mall Shoppers Club at www.mauimall.com
i miss ya boo
Off tomorrow.
Ive been there to perform
Best pass I've seen Leino make in his entire #sabre career
I'll make sure these are on my list ;)
Anyone who doesn't is a big fat liar. “: Raise your hand if your bracket is in the garbage can right now.”
Improve every day.
“Your willingness to look at your darkness is what empowers you to change.” –Iyanla Vanzant
Such a pleasure, as always! RT : “: Hey buddy Great pictures and fun morning!"
Streep pulls off the Oscar in.
Pray that I make it home ok... I'm super sleepy
I got The Red Ring of Death no video games till i get my ps3 then
TY for the RTs. P.Pope returned fr #ISDIP2012 w/interesting thoughts about #TreyvonMartin. Posting soon!
Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness.
hope you enjoy reading my tweets new friend =)
RT : RT : "Must integrate social tech into existing processes and apps". Michael Fauscette, IDC,
What's up yall, I signed up for when it launched on Android recently... I've taken 6 photos and am a personal user
Ugh! Don't you hate it when people force themselves on to you? I haven't "Stayed in touch" for a reason perv
Looking forward to our Annual Ambassador BBQ THIS Sun. from 1-3:30pm at the Leonard BBQ pit! Can't wait to see all our new members!!!!
cant wait to be in my babe's arms tomorrow. #muchneeded #muaaah <3 ;)
Good lookin out on the verse homes...
#5thingsaboutme 2.I want to rap with one day. I mean, I can rap. I just can't write.
The Bon Iver station on Pandora is really amazing.
Merry Christmas! :)
Just realized my blog settings had the time zone set as Africa. Oops.
Is Matt Ryan calling plays?
Congratulations Jennifer!
Young lady at the bar asked a non black bartender why a DC beer is called "Chocolate City." His response: it was pre-gentrification......
The writers of #desperate-housewives should be ashamed of themselves
Engines blocks and lighten spark plug are the tools of statement...
feel god :)
thank you for the invitation! It was great seeing you too. it was a pleasure meeting you.
did Delonte West tell LeBron to wish his mom a happy mothers day for him?
doing my science fair project ):
Why do you have to fuck EVERYTHING up?
Happy Birthday hope you have a Great Day!!
I need to get over this perfection complex I have
RT : +1 SQL is relevant. For #sparql I'd like to see more production use cases inform standardization of extensions. Simply timing.
Heyy sexy!! What you doing
America is a land of wonders, in which everything is in constant motion and every change seems an improvement. No natural bounda
When big success comes, the thing of first importance is to talk it over with God. Mark 1:29-39
:((( no I wanna get away
benji u was d one dat tweeted him dat i was fake y?
always do!
but the doc teaches us that "Elmo is pure love"
Watch ten minute previews of four of our DVDs at www.child.tcu.edu/DVD sales.asp
Nothing like being schooled by 38 year old women on the soccer field to knock your ego down a peg or two. cc:
PILI ! PILI ! DID YOU SEE THE TV GUIDE LADY ?! SHES GOING IN THE SEWER ! OMG OMG OMG I CANT BREATHE ! I HATE THAT LADY ! ! ! O:
RT "Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." - Robert F. Kennedy
Great idea William! :)
Exciting Davinci Virtual announcement coming later this week! Stay tuned!
Congrats to our new Mayor!
Really? Cool. It's on my list!
ok, well no worries lets mesh up our schedules because I'd love to hook up with you ;p
Officially done with gateways. Free at last!
listening to this smash that wrote! smh lol
alrighty.wrapped Dead Men The Series On To Dead in 5 Heart beats
#fox13gmm the suspense is killing me!! 10 min to go!!! It better be amazing & not just hype!!
1989 called. It wants its halftime show back.
trevor was my first friend on twiiter. i ust make him somthing and upload on to pc so he can print it out and have it. hm.......
Ready to be in my city!
Please watch the video In my last tweet
thanks! “: it was your birthday?! Oops Happy Birthday twitter bird”
long day today
I made Allstate!!!!
Favorite Sesame Street character or muppet? I have a fondness for Big Bird and Snuffleupagus.
Good morning
Sweeping junk mail has been a part of my daily life, so I'm hoping to eradicate that with what I learned today
S/o to for from the looks of it is pretty as hell! Hi(:
Yes! <3 Now, Jasey is gonna talk to you
Saw Green Lantern....Awesome!
I'm not the girl your mother warned you about. I'm the girl who kicked that girl's butt! :)
No teeth marks but they sure played hell with the frosting!
Ford to quadruple SUV offerings in China over next year Ford, seeking to tap into China's growing appetite for brawny SUVs, will quadrupl
To the Mavs fans in the crowd that chant "KHLOE" on the rare occasions that Odom does something good -- give up on life.
ooh Dave & Busters sounds fun!
We once introduced to our team of typing monkeys but they couldn't deal with his bullshit.
Redemption restaurant on iberville st mid city is fantastic great vibe and wait staff chef van pellegrine is an artist
Q1 - No diff than showing value to a client - always voices that r uniformed but the results should be clear/identifiable
best nite of my life!!! Haha she wrote on our dollar bills! !!
Thinking French toast & bacon for me, and potatoes along with sausage or polish for
My Math teacher is absolutely INSANE!!!!!!!
Lee Byrd's #fridayreads : Reading Really the Blues, a gift to me from my son-in-law, Eddie Holland. Great gift.
i thought i lost my mind, turns out i was just finding it.
Let them have it Attorney Crump! Nobody believes a medical report a day after the fact.
#dml2012 how do we access how/what we learn through making? The mighty question
Concerts on the Square!!!
Okay Prince James fans, can u now understand he isnt a role model like said. please educate the world on him & his mom
The fear of losing trumps the excitement of victory for so many people. No one wants to lose and deal w/ rejection.
Adorable! My cat perks her head up when Busytown Mysteries come on. the characters are animals (including cats)...
Once again I look on point & the main person who I want to see me is mia.
hahaha, from my party and my brother driving in to come and my hair being fixed right and my cake im a hott mess legit!
too funny. I almost cried when mom sent me that.
RT : Dick Clark, Rest in peace you extraordinary man. Thank you filling our days with music and dance, and NYE
- I read about it, sounded awesome!
Text ne niggas!
did u get one?
We just want to make a difference
good morning to u. Have a wonderful day =)
Wine and good friends.. Who could ask for more :)
Looking for a job in the IT Field? In Dallas/Fort Worth area? We have contract jobs all over! Please RT!
CA marriage bill called 'Trojan horse' for redefinition effort - Catholic News Agency
have fun man
My hungover self just laid my gatorade bottle down in my truck..without realizing I didn't have the cap on. Good thing I bought two..
Oh my gosh... We're on the ghetto prom bus!!!
hope you feel better
So much for squealing over politicizing things like this. 224185-obama-campaign-suggests-romney-would-not-have-launched-bin-laden-raid
only temporarily! just here on an extended holiday! good to be back though :) miss this part of the world <3
Nice Psalm 1 reminder there harry :)
Next time, add some cool indie artists and crafters to the brew for #clustertruck .
Just got a text from my sister. She is waterskiing in S. Illinois. May 6.
oh...ur in my hood! Have fun!
Hey man, just a heads up; i'm sending you a DM in a bit. Had a cool idea last night.
Boom!!! .02 off my fastest time and it's the first day on this new bike :-) tires made the biggest difference
#15: Nice username & location :D tweet me more!
RT : Awesome, hope you give us a try! p.s. #ManStyle hashtag is farking brilliant
700 Congress? I'll head that way shortly.
Fireworks debate in House once again turns on question of maturity of youth with firecrackers, although illegal for those under 18.
my fave is bad cuz i is a bad girl :))))
Imma need to come back to Detroit soon!!!
Has anyone else noticed that most older hispanic have a belly?? Lol fatass nigga need to go some where with this singing
James Durbin is my fave too! He's got such a powerful voice and, wow, what a range! I'm a sucker for a dynamic rocker!
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is for you to follow her, not leave her there crying because of you.
Race does play a part. It took the police over a month 2 arrest and question Zimmerman. Would he b free 4 a month if he was Black?
I don't have dance till 7:15, so if I don't drop it off then you can come over and pick it up sometime before that :)
Im the only girl here.....great...
#imessage for iOS = no more reasons to have a blackberry.
MT O vs Romney. A man w/ 4 years experience as President vs a guy who spends his time cutting his taxes. <- & last 8 running!
I'm glad my 18th birthday is being celebrated at band competitions all day.
getting ready for our 1st #sxsw set t-minus 30min onstage now
Well, they ARE the best headphones around
wish I had a decent mic as the best band in the world is playing right now in my living room
working in an operating room right now just thinkin about beatin Providence. Go get 'em KJ!
I love my hood rt
Full frontal male nudity on the NICE!
I say we disown her!
probably has something to do with leadoff hitter having a sub .150 ops
No one wants to shut up ha
According to Klout, I am influential about "Robot."
I sure hope Kacie B. screams "No" & falls to her knees sobbing when she doesn't get a rose.
Hay So Cal Peeps- If
huge difference between interactive design pay and print. I think there are at least 2x the opportunities for web design...
Guess we have to wait Til 8001 for our no-no!!!!
yes perfect!
Lease signed!!! So pumped to get into the new place
#lrnchat do you have to use project base for social learning or can you use more traditional lessons with social learning?
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
"I'm in like meat in a taco."
as asking someone to pay for your abortions.
don't worry dude you won't be tomorrow!
I do not enjoy driving drunks around! Lol
#FF Looking for great jewelry #Seattle? Look no further
Thanks so much!! Hoping to screen in SF soon! RT just seen the Volcano Girl project....that's great! Good luck with that!
Countdown to final auditions - can't wait to have this film cast and be able to really see these lead characters come to life!
I wanna grill like the dude off #HowHigh .... #INeed$ - that way I don't have to talk to ppl either, I'll just let em read the golds!
My roomie is a professional.
Ok...random Q..how are Jack & Chuck Bass related?! He's Chuck's uncle, right? Which means his sis is Chuck's mom? cc:
It worked for bar owners...why not apply it within the petroleum industry? Happy Hour gas specials?
I see you! Let us know how Premiere Events plans to support the Year of Boulevard! ;-)
RT Everyone is selfish at times.. so dont trip when i say whats mine is mine.
More Brendon & Rachel --- continuation from last night.
For sure! Born and raised.
spoby is back!!!! Tonight episode incredible! :)
my sexy baby! <U+2665> U
I aint smoke a joint all day! But dont worry im finna fix that.
Hi Valerie! Thanks for also sharing the important work of using school to foster good, thinking, caring, responsible people!
Yes, I have 10 Fantasy Football Teams, but I made the Playoffs with 7 of them so that makes it alright?
Rain or shine. Get on a bike people. Thats why your called
Upload and Download...made easy.
One word. Flasks.
Lately i have just been a complete screw up i have basically had bad karma since me and my friend had been arguing
I don't get it either, can't stand her.
PB&J, Stuffed Green Peppers, French Toast, Rectangle Pizza, & Tater tots are some of #MyFavoriteFoods What about you?
thanks for covering the #co_ffcalendar event tonight at 's ladies get down here!
They sent an email about it to people with accounts on April 18th.
WHAT! So are they going to be #1 this year? I HOPE NOT!! D:
sorry my phone died -_-
oops“BR Police Dept. has secured arrest warrants for #LSU QB Jordan Jefferson & LB Joshua Johns for felony 2nd degree battery”
He wlill be the next Jim Brown in Cleveland
Writing and writing and writing....20 pages in one day!
So wild, my final 4 team goes down in round 1 and I'm happy as a clam
what'd you think of Planet B-boy
Headphones In & I'm Dead To The World!
Thx for the RT! Have a great day!
It annoys me that I have both AP and Foster (via trade after week 3) and am 1-3.....
"The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place." George Bernard Shaw
Playing with a bb gun lol
Going to bed. I feel like blah.
hahah! So what's up? :) -Taylor
Instead of the #Bachelorette they should call it D-Bag Survivor Lol
Is it to early/late to trade for Jerry Hairston again?
It looked so good!!
We're very excited to have in the studio tomorrow! It's going to be a very fun & productive day.
Thanks Gordon.
Mecca Here I Cum.
That was a huge 3 by Wisconsin... We might have an upset
again wrong Sam.
Kief. It's what's for dinner.
Never trust a husband too far or a bachelor too near.
Thank you for the #ff shout out!
at school being bored during math in the computer lab.....
We took our kidz!
In '08-'09 San Diego saw declines in juvenile arrests in every offense category EXCEPT status offenses - NOT crimes if committed by adults.
im addicted to tetris!
yea cool
I would love to know where "The Id" is also... did a very cursory Google search with no obvious results.
Patient: The problem is that obesity runs in our family. Doctor: No, the problem is that no one runs in your family.
What order would you put these in? a. Food quality b. protein c. Calories
Is the NVIDIA GT 530 a good graphics card?
oh shush!! we LOVE JAmie!! wish i could laser myself to St. Louis to give you a big ole hug!!! xoxo
Eggs and sausage...and salsa chips?? OK Mom.
My refrigerator is purring...
Thank you for the mention! It was great to be in Palm Beach and nice to see such activism.
unread emails are beginning to bite me in the ass.
“: Trey Songz did NOT invent sex. #IJustGoogledIt =/”
YES RT !! RT : Wait, is getting a treadmill desk? JEALOUS.
NO GIRLFRIENDS TILL AFTER WE TOUR
forreal. yeah i got to fill in this week tuesday and thursday all day - b/c they don't have avid this friday b/c of minimum day
Kevin Stott's got his head between his cheeks...
Studio 24/7 congratulates Chelsea Alden for booking a LEAD in a Feature Film - shoots in June.
Surprise, surprise. Komen quickly reinstates Planned Parenthood funding after intense public fury. Politics+medicine=explosion.
fan of what???
On October 19, Microsoft advertised Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by presenting Xbox 360 consoles and Kinect bundles to the guests.
This is going to be the Fall of good mellow & soulful music releases! Between & , Sep will be a good month!
Stiemsma and Garnett are a nice duo in Boston's frontcourt.
Scored lots of goodies 2day!
Awww good for Ronnell he has fans how cute :)
Loved the video! You rocked it!
That's reasonable. To which experts do you turn for financial advice?
Be the girl you want your daughter to be. Be the girl you want your son to date. Be classy, anything but trashy.
1/2 Price on all the Bottles on the Wine List today and tonight!
OMG I see hair in my blanket Ctfupp The Little Curls >>>>>>>
1. romney's wealth hurts his "relatability" 2.his tax rate illustrates an inequity in taxation which should concern BOTH parties
I'm Bored xD Save Me From My Boredom :P
I need a substitute Tweeter. Lol!
download "Gutter Rainbows"...the whole LP. its worth it. work your way backwards from there.
thanks very much. Hope all is well in the beautiful rock up north. Cheers from a warm Scottsdale.
Night twitter :)
Always a perfect day on South Beach love it :-)!!!!
Thanks! I love those floors! =)
Your disrespectful to him man lol and we are talking about Jim Brown and his movie is just starting to come. Coincidence lmao
Did Perry just say "breasticles?"
Ty for signing up! Enjoy your dinner!
Blondes don't like other blondes. Fact.
i'm glad to know that Bridgewright was an actual profession that you could be in the 1830s.
Mom: ok, I'm going to bed. Me: ok, let me change the sheets Mom: why? Have u been having sex in them?
I Had To Close The Curtain A Couple Niggas That's Why I Only Fuck With A Couple Niggas
Dim Sum with Aunt Julie and Sarah in Chinatown!
our pleasure Tori! truly looking forward to it :) i'll be in touch soon when things settle down a little :) ~john
I hate being home
Just saw both the #Charliesheen commercials for direcTv and Fiat. Guess he really is winning!
Just saw your post & noticed you are an A-Phi also. Very cool. AOE.
free beer, pizza.....maybe some smoothie king!? I recommend everyone following and playing the game!!
My freaking hair is gone. Two weeks before I go to philly. I need my mom
Gotta hit free throws, gotta keep them off the offensive glass.
Call PaperJam Press!!! They are amazing and specialize in small-run/art prints. 503-238-5777 They do all my printing.
Had a beautifully poached egg for breakfast thanks to tips from
I'm always representing!
going to Maggiano's in Kenwood. Good luck this year, looking forward to Opening Day!
Mashable launches #Events Board so U can learn about upcoming events anywhere. Planners can list events 4 broader...
I hope that 2012 is the year that native desktop apps make a comeback. I am so tired of web apps.
Failed to drink enough to ease the pain of the winged cattle car
Start the revolution today, love your body.
Thank you for the shoutout!
have you heard about Hart of Dixie or Ringer?
I'm free and ready, so we can go steady. How's about savin' all your time for me?
But requires another account I believe so contact SI computer [-]
ok time to start the dvr of SMASH FINALE
Corned Beef and Cabbage and Corned Beef Sandwiches and Irish Nachos and Shepherd's Pie, oh my!
real life! Lol
I want Lieutenant Uhura's dress.
and then SeaHawks anr Ravens are the next victims? Sure why not?
i dont like dark girls
stay tuned: it will be functional and screenshot soon! ("soon" == after final exams)
I will not be in today because my power is cut off, I have no gas in my car and my telephone is cut off and my wife bounced $700 worth of...
exactly what i'm doing now. the only way i will fail is if i give up. for me success in this biz is not a question of if, only when.
RT : #SantaFe Residents in need: Use code "DISTRESSED" to get $49 room rate at Lodge at SF or $79 room rate at Hotel Plaza...
Can you please play Chuck Wicks single "Old School" please?
Sunday... Church, #NASCAR from 'Dega, and family...I'll take it ;)
Blues and Booze Wednesdays! $5.00 Stoli Mixers plus enjoy the music of Alex Wilson Band 7:22 to close!
HI again! Sorry I've been off the radar. Food poisoning then work. YUP We will travel ANYWHERE Any excuse for Paris especially
I need to get weirder.
thanks for following, you have some pretty good tweets (:
Watching the dopest documentary on QED, its on hip hop and sampling. Turn it on if you're at the crib.
I was following you guys BEFORE it was cool! haha :)
Great read...and cute!
Is there an issue we can help you with?
How my students categorize sources: "a website or not a website"
you're coming? I'll get the asbestos!
looks over at my wife asleep lol
at the garden gates! Fantastic!
One of the guys in my department phoned at 11:30 on a Tuesday to explain why he hadn't come into work that week: " I went to a party on S...
Working out the mythology of my novel. Yes, I know I don't have to go all full-on Tolkien. But as this is obvsly gonna take me a lifetime...
Getting things done involves a lot of organization, and being faithful to one’s goals and routines
so many new followers! Thanks for following!
A1 Also, you have store brands in the competition now and their brands have greatly improved
That moment when u think u helpin somebody and they really jus tryin to leech off ur blessins
We have school on my birthday this year. How disappointing.
How do you feel about speed dating? Would you go to a speed dating event?
RT : Just noticed that a lot of people's phones autocorrect "stoked" to "Skokie," and find it completely fitting.
Happy weekend everyone!
I'd like to try video blogging
When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone. - Tennessee Williams
But idc. "Those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind."
very nice daaammm
Don't miss out tomorrow! Sign up for a mountain bike race and join in the festivities - food trucks, free beer and a great crowd!
I like Pie!!!! America needs more pie (more cow bells too). Pie = peace. Pie = happiness
too cute
And good point on the "too real" look hurting fantasy. The LOTR universe requires an otherworldliness a film look can provide.
Joey Diamonds Official Sites are.
We've got two tix to give away for tomorrow's WI #Beer Lovers Festival in ! Pick up onsite..tweet us why you should win!
Pete, you should write this! There's plenty of fodder.
wait...did I just read what I think I read?!
Rush Hour 2 <U+E412>
i don,t hate italy but i was not born there my mom and dad was born there
I'm going to hate myself in about 6 hours...
y'all gone learn!!!
Bunky's Cafe on Atwood Ave. Those folks know how to cook!
#Rochester stop into the shelter tomorrow (sat) and visit all out friends available for adoption!
can you all check your emails again please.
damn, he's not going to be pleased about the new logo then that is coming....
just smash it in rage. usually works.
Why this few days i suffer a usually dull persistent pain (aching back) !
"Im asian, trust me" - LOL
I started earlier...maybe it's time to revisit!
today were buying tickets!!!!!!!!!!:D
Hey Mommy ;) Yeah, I Finally Went To Sleep :) I Listened To Some Songs By The Amazing Group U-Kiss :D I <3 Them So So Much :D
#Thingsbabymamassay IF I CANT HAVE YOU NO ONE CAN.........NIGGA DO YOU KNOW I WILL KILL YOU??......(with a serious face too) smdh
62 & sunny at Grove today...along with $3.75 glasses of Viognier all day...their might be an impromptu patio party. Someone bring a guitar.
When you like us, our job postings will appear in your news feed, and your friends can see job postings! Help your friends!
Precious is such an intense movie!
Best Kaleo sermon I've ever heard.
Tonight Chicago's living up to her nickname.
How do you put tax on holes?
Thanks for the RT!
Having a few us$100 coupons for Google #adwords, send me a DM to help you have one of them :)
Branding is about getting your prospects to see you as the only one that provides a solution to their problem!
want me to make you a shirt? :)
Twitter is a bit strange.
lol no spoilage. Looking forward to getting home to watch #WalkingDead sad I'm on a date thinking of zombies
Lunch Entrees - GRILLED FILET MIGNON 8oz filet, mashed red bliss potato, grilled asparagus, red wine tarragon butter
Great people do not dwell on the fears they face, they act in spite of it. In everything you do have a choice. Choose to exercise it.
I know what your saying. I feel the same way.
What's your favorite free #mindmapping tool?
It's not that I hate mornings. It's just that I'd wish they'd happen without me.
A couple that's wanted to go to our party for 2 years is finally attending tonight to see
The only required book for one of my classes is The Hunger Games!
Proj based learning essential. Can we do it ALL in 6hrs of school a day? What role do #afterschool programs play?
RT : When we're not ready to learn, everything seems obvious. When we're ready, the simplest things are profound.
what!? Your the one who kissed him ! Hahaha
Im bout too be too bored at this house
1 of my fav things bout AMC's 'The Killing'=excellent writing=the characters remain the same, but u think they change as ur perspective does
you added me? I guess it takes time to appear. I don't see it ;~;
Took a little nap but I still have a barometric pressure headache. I hate those.
Now for the million dollar question (no pun intended) what is the ROI on social media?
Wow. Broadcast journalists are V-A-I-N. Women and men spending forever and a day getting makeup caked on their face ...
I need chapp stick <U+0001F484>
Don't let reality keep you from dreaming
“ We all have that one lazy coworker who we'd clock out and beat the fuck out of and then go back to work..”
"He's going from a hip-hop fighter to a rap fighter" says ancient white guy, Larry Merchant on re: Mayweather
I love singing. <U+2665> Music is saving me.
I would rather go to a Twighlight premiere.
Smiling but u r not the reason :)
send some brownies our way!
RT : Data science hackathon in london under way. Teams are in action. lots of discussions.
I'm in desperate need of sun.
#Hoosiers take the opening tip, Sheeby nails the jumper.
Is it saturday yet?
Hosting Read Local today, an event that gives 7 local authors the chance to pitch, then sell, their books at the Velma Teague Library.
it seems like a lot of people are. I've seen way too many movies.
Actually, I'm colder than a penguin's pussy.
Rooting for you tonight!
Im down with N Y G yea you know me :-)
use the entrance on S. Frederick. No crowd.
Keep the faith. You'll come back stronger.
#EBUS118 I am trying, but am finding myself super boring.
I think half of LA was scared of that crazy wind lastnight... 6:30am now and still kinda windy :-/
At the HEAT GAME with my brother (Jason Garte) thanks papa!
Wonderful! It's so important to support our local farmers and community. Thank you for the reminder!
That awkward moment when walks into your house...
sorry...I think my A game is already in Florida for the week.
So I'm listening to the radio. Lily Allen YES...but then the song gets hijacked by some autotuned pirate. What happened... Stop stealing ;)
to the rats fuck you you know who u r
#JoePa looks about 10 years younger when he isn't wearing glasses. No joke
They<U+FFFD>ll say the old rules are still in play
I love seeing clients like Peter Twohy out and about.
The live stream wasn't working, I'm watching it on a delay now...no skips. Thanks for reaching out.
Who's watching the WWE Royal Rumble Tonight? :-)
we're trying to do at least one a week now because i know how desperate you are for info about our activities.
RT : - Hi there! I sure do have a blog - still trying to find my voice though. Here ya go - housefulofnicholes.blogspot.com
Hey wana go sunday? me and my friend whitney is seeing it on sunday
Congrats man....In 15 yrs as an NFL agent, I have never had a GM call me so many times to sign my clients UNTIL NOW w you!
haha I mean do whatchu do! It's all good.
-- apparently that's far too subtle of a point to make on twitter. but kudos for trying.
yes please! Why not meet me tonight for mid-week happy hour? :)
that picture is just fucking priceless. shout out to #oomf who made it as a "gift" for me xD
Mick Jagger's "Miss You" With Booker T. at the white house was crazy good!
got an A on my math final (:
bring it -I love corned beef!
LOL OMG i love this! "Psych wrong number"
You got an extra seat under the shade over there?!
Just washed a shirt my sister bought me for my bday - followed directions and it still shrunk!
I lived in Europe and it was tough having constant overcast days.
This will be an interactive seminar, so remember to bring your laptops. Lunch IS provided.
My inner child is extremely happy after seeing that lol
You are my holder, Your hands they mold me...
YES IT IS! My son Prince Wolfe Fluffay will reign when his father is gone HIAIL PRINCE FLUFFAY HAIL
lol I do that at the beach house cuz I hate making those stupid bunk beds -.-
EDM is Taking Over!
Hi Stuart! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
ME ME ME ME ME OVER HERE ME!!!!RT : #24HOURS #BOYFRIEND who's excited ?
glad to see u r swinging back to Tigger:)
Hearts on Fire! Rocky 4 must be on. Classic
so a lion not a crab?
Listening 2 coast to coast AM 640
Good for you! I've never known someone who actually owns one of those things. Post pictures!
thank you so much!!! You really think so?
U ALREADY KNOW FAM!! Thanks 4 the support! :-)
Hi Diana how are you? hope excellent, you can be an excellent person to evaluate something that i am doing....
Love your new nickname. RT : Didn't think it was possible but using my new Dyson ball vacuum brings even more joy to cleaning.
The thing w/ Lincoln is he's having success because he's going w/ just 2 pitches (his best 2). Can't do that as a starter.
He was leaning that way. His recruitment is far from over. Bielema ended up with guys like Gordon (Iowa) & Zagzebski (Minny).
When you want something you can't have
don't swear at me!!!
#GOP LEADERS are like "VAMPIRE CAPITALISTS' forced N2 HIDING bhind dark lies & #RWNJ delusional CINOs(Christns N name Only)
heck yes, I'll keep you warm all night :)
your welcome I guess<3
Thank you my love! How are you doing lately? Tell me a story!
this new thing on Facebook , that says , '' seen at .... ''' whatever time is good. you know if there ignoring you or not. loll
Isiah Thomas says this (FIU) is 1st time he's been fired for basketball reasons. I would love a look at his personnel file.
I miss you more!
We are working on figuring this out right now! RT : I'm curious: what makes a good one person play successful?
I know, I was inconspicuous in SE Asia-other than being 6'2" and white!
interestingly, corporate authorship tends toward medium lexical diversity in the case studies presented
Rayos de sol
#Educause10 Is there a site out there that makes it easy to do localized #crowdsourcing. Ex/ rate #ideas on how to improve campus community
There are a lot of good bachelor pad/grandpa's room pendletons. And like LV, they NEVER GO ON SALE.
Blues penalized for not rolling away and Glendale makes them pay with a penalty 3-11
Let's get the fun day started!
Don't forget to take a time out!!
Don't fear adversity. Embrace it. In the long run, it will form the basis for success. It's in times of adversity that opportunity knocks
great proformane at the fight
This Beastie Boys news is no good. RIP MCA
wasn't it good? Fun to watch...
Pedro's error costs the Bucs a run. To the Bottom of 4... 3-1 Pirates.
rumor is she's performing in Clearwater next week...the hubster works in hospitality industry...I am innocent!!
Morning, have a wonderful day!
Hey little sista! =) You are WAY smarter than most 10 year olds! You're an old (and generous) soul. Love ya! xoxo
me too! Hooray for summer! Nice having the windows open all the time. In mid-March. :)
We've got $3 Bloody Marys and Mimosas today until 3pm... Let's go Bears!!
Hindsight's blind and stuff....
Lakers getting smashed. Knew it!
Paddy () says, "Don't say stupid things in public." Word.
Did you hose off when you got there? I'd be a mess!
when are you coming to #SanFrancisco ???
Sure you didn't misread the door sign?
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "Are you nervous?" ...what lmao
i really want to welcome all my new members and tell you all older member too thank you very much!
I wish my dog could run to Cold Stone right now and get me a coffee ice cream with the little English toffee bits.
no babe don't leave me!!!
thanks,girl :)
I need your info! Email it to me at beth (at) fit2b (dot) us ... thx!
Just, be sure to look up the contraption in the book like Jess did before purchasing. LMAO.
NYC July 24, 2010 9am (The Great Lawn Central Park) "Love Is Us"- Photographers Michael Dote, Xaviera Shutter Princess Sparks, Dane Delaney
haha. Yea you and me both brotha!
RT UNDERSTAND U MAKIN UR MONEY BUT WE NEED OUR QUEEN DIVA BAC HOME...U R MISSED ill b home Sunday thanks! Missn it
Sarah Palin, undeniable proof of the failure of the American education system.
enjoying #interviewtip december grad edition (DGE)? they continue all month long to help you search for your 1st career! :)
The Veterans Open Support Group meets each Friday at 4:30PM (1030 E Brady St) Details at www.dryhootch.org.
. can we interview you tomorrow for on mashable?
you aint getting them back!.(:
#lovenhiphop they al bad. Straight up
Not sure if i still there - a bar in valley called Residuals that would cash any resid check under $1 and give you a free drink!
you are killing me. Now what did you do?!
Watching George Lopez ;} you?
My room is so hott!
Spent over $100 at the Garden Factory yesterday. Excited to plant stuff but I found out the compost we're using isn't done composting.
I'm going to pretend it was who demanded my halloween pumpkins be on the front page.
Summer Shape Up starts today! Are you signed up??
Just tried to book a ticket for DCA-DFW for Sun-Mon. $1,709.60 for non refundable coach? Really ? Tell me that's not USD.
wade just mad the heat about to go fishing soon and he knows it lol
Thats never a good sign!
Chinese takeout wolfed down. Now it's time to record some BOTS magic!
Watching the Lakers play the Mavericks is like watching the final fight in Rocky Balboa.
geez louisiana
About to have a good time tonight .. Destorm Album release party. Got DPG in the building and many more to come.
At my 3rd baseball game this year and a new stadium each time.
It's Friday... totally missed Thursday. Good morning World! Good googly morning... AHHHHHAHHAHHHHHWWWH.. :)
Hey! How are you?
Did Mohamed Sanu get drafted by Cincy for real this time or is it just another prank?
you look so different with out braces :)
We come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
“: Im the first with the BSHU Torrey Smith tattoo though!!!!” We're not giving those away!!
Success is getting what you want, and happiness wants what you get.
Watching I love baseball so much <3
omg see I knew it I'm so smart. Lol jk.
need to figure out how to combine the events. Lego macs ftw!
Oh wait tomorrow is Friday: Jesus, my brain is fried!
This I must see. I'll try to stop by after work.
Happy Defender's Day everybody! Catch me on the Mark Steiner Show tonight at 6:30 PM talking more about it.
Happy Thanksgiving! *Gobble Gobble*
LIFE CHANGING INFO UNLOCK AUTISM 5 Keys To Unlock Better Behavior Social Sensory Speech. Email for talk recording
Thanks so much for the RT And thank you for the #WW You guys are the best :)
lol that's no necessary lol we just friends we get along better or else imma turn into crazy bm lol
Yoo my mom just brought me a Chicken Burger :)
"A man's real possession is his memory. In nothing else is he rich, in nothing else is he poor." -Alexander Smith
good move
I'm very sorry to hear that. You know the exact feelings and frustrations.
Its a beautiful Saturday! Let's make the best out of it.
So sorry to hear that, I'll keep him in my prayers
haha. nope. was it fan favorite Rex? the color guy. he's been a real delightful addition to the booth this year.
;) you so beautiful!
SFAI MFA Grad Exhibition opened at @ The Phoenix Hotel yesterday - a spectrum of sensations! Noon-10 PM until May 13
I wanna read it!!
Recording with , , and Cognac
Shout me out# [:
Hmm the pizza is rising up in the middle so I guess I didn't flatten it out enough. We'll have to excavate!
Do I turn you on & on when I kiss you baby? Does the sound of me wantin you drive you crazy? Do I have your love ? Am I still enough? <3 .
No one ever really wants my help, but you can surely have it anytime you need it. Because that's how i do things.
That is the perfect job for you! Did suggest it?
Storms+classes < my bed
ok I know the girls describe n ill point u in the right direction :)
The most creative people are often the most crazy. I say be authentic and embrace your craziness.
Yahoo! Goes Beyond Gold With Global Programming Coverage of Summer Olympics
Thanks for the re-tweet. Again, Snapper was awesome, thanks for having him on last night!
Feel like butt :(
": I'm tryna hit up the titty bar" lets do it
Pinkberry WONT do the trick . . skinny bitch (:
Both of them will be home real soon tho! <3 :)
“: best roommates ever?! #R&R” Uh, YEAH! Hell!!
So I'm only awesome just for this? pshh lol xD and, I'm positive we can.
Ok, have to stop trying to do everything in this one paper and just do what I can. Done is good. Save improvements for the book.
If Brauns bat was found to be corked on that last broken bat.. Would that be the dagger??
shut the front door! I love Toni! Where will she be? Is the book out already?
me and lexi are way too drunk to look at furniture for our apartment
I Don't Do Facebook relationship. I think U understand Y
boy with Dimples awww {in Front of Me¡ ^.^
Bosh out! Damn. Every team is hurt. Heat are not the exception
Whale's Vagina should be the nickname of Petco Park.
I been going to sleep hella early lately
“Children are like wet cement. Whatever falls on them makes an impression.” -Dr. Haim Ginott
Thanks for following us!
Will be leaving Miami for good in two hours
I was the 71st person Madison followed o_O
lol in good morning
anyone ever knocking on soccer for flopping n acting after watching this LeBron performance, go play in traffic
I'm looking forward to our trip to chi-town this weekend!!!
happy birthday to your puppy.. This part of the new job has to break your heart.. I know it would mine...
I am loving this weather <3 <3
Kobe's answer about World Peace's elbow on was perfect
again another impressive speech ! I envy you your job working for this great man as history will prove out !
lmao. this is why i
Thanks for following us! Have a wonderful weekend!
What? A group dedicated 2 supporting Latinos 4 office shuns 4 ? What do they know about Mary?
Adele has more balls than the limp dick foo fighters.
#20topfavouritesongsever Nas - The World is Yours
Writing about #vday. Anyone start dating in the last month?
Hate your enemies with a whole heart & if a man smite you on the cheek, SMASH him on the other; self preservation is the highest law -LaVey
deep face for the win : p
I dont trust anybody with anything of mine...so how am i ever going to be in rel.if i wait 4 them to fuck up.
*you're, bro.
Working on a solo clarinet piece. Any clarinetists out there get annoyed by anything in particular? Like something especially?
I'm excited to move so I can find the Milverine
LOL it's all in good fun though.
LOL yes sir MOE money over everything LOL take of easy my boy.
"Yea right he lyin lol" dats always everyones response wen jerome say he gon come c my kids
The twins are here! Welcome to the world, Devin and Vikas. Can't wait to meet you!
Catwoman or Anne Hathaway?
Just finished my "magnum opus" but can't figure out what I need to do to make it marketable. Plus, Word crapped out on me again.
Hm. Scottish Breakfast tea is a lot stronger than Russian Country tea.
THIS WEEKEND >
#GodBlessAmerica been watching September 11 shows on the history channel all day. Depressingg. #NeverForget <3
It was a tough 15th Spiritual Birthday,but it's been said:a bad day in the Kingdom of God is much better then the best day in the world!-MOD
Thanks, I'll check it out.
well that just ruined my whole day.
its the roids.....lol just playing, i drink ma milk gurl ;)
Let a mf take my purse! Aw yea we.gettin down period!
I enjoy being a librarian for librarians here at Demco. :)
After School Fight W. A Lil Old Lady BTFU
Today is the first day of spring. Don't you feel like it was already here?
Valentines Day is a good time of the year to be single lol
It is going to be pure awesomeness! ;)
Hey, Halloween's just around the corner: "Trick or Twiglet"! I'm a Twiglet millionaire, and I'm MISERABLE about it.
Wallahi that bitch ass girl can go to fucking HELL
its either very funni or very sad when people r supposely blind(stupid) by love (sigh)
You are a good man, Corey Smith.
I might say the same for USC grads :-) RT : Northwestern grads give reliably good advice.”
I love you. Just thought I should let you know (:
Hi Doug! What is your exact date? Is it an exact reprint?
#YouTube's 490 million users uploaded more video content in a 60-day period than the three major US television networks created in 60 years.
haha she fat to?
May I have a picture with you to prove that angels really go exist?
Packing everything for when we are going to film a new music video for a new song tomorrow! It's gonna be so fun! :D
sorry for the late reply! Our list is constantly changing, which is why.
This morning,I replaced my people pleaser shirtwithmyGod pleaser shirt. The front read Come Fly with Me & the back read Destination Purpose
The usefulness of the Citibank funded bike share system in NYC for swarming 99% protests will make the irony of the sponsorship delicious.
have a safe trip back babe!
“Progressive authors want the technology to tell their stories with pictures, sounds, & video as readily as they can with writing. "- Digi
Steve-How awesome to swim with those big guys! Happy be-lated... KK Ryder
Yes! That article is great (I say this as a Brooklynite who has witnessed all the above firsthand)
#NP D'Angelo - Feel Like Making Love
VOTE ASHLYNN DUVAL FOR STUDENT COUNCIL TOMORROW IN YOUR ENGLISH CLASS !! RT THIS TWEET
with Laura Carlo on playing ever note in Strauss' Don Juan: "When one falls down stairs, one doesn't land on every step!"
UNFUCKING REAL...JJ vs AJ...A on turn...AGAIN! How bad do I run?
Back from Target. Time to open some Bowman.
Love y'all too! <U+E404>
Billionaire tax cuts doled out by the decade. Working class cuts, tweaked week by week. Your 21st century GOP, hard at work!
So I'm all lost n idk what I want well I kinda do but oh well today was super sad day rip tio well all love and miss u! <3
I don't know yet.(:
Finals today:(
And now DUKE? wtheck is in the water?
"a nonvintage tawny port that reminded me of long-abandoned Halloween candy, with hints of Skittles and off-brand caramels"
Been spendin' all my life livin' in the hipsters paradise... -_- My dad loves that place. He thinks it's #Coolio. =)
Do you use Gaylord's in your process? FIBC'S? We maintain a large primary and secondary market for both
#keepitfresh RT most of the shit in your head is in your head-if you can get over the static, you can proceed
Happy birthday Dave. RT : Wait. What!!?? It's your birthday!!?? xoxoxoxox :)
If the only time you EVER talk to me is for a ride home im giving you the hell naw
plz don't piss urself plz... she'd need a lot more than just a "couple wet wipes" for that mess #NotCute lol
Very welcome. thanks for following back :)
Each difficult moment has the potential to open my eyes and open my heart. - Myla Kabat-Zinn
no survivor... no Amazing Race ... boring summer.
Today should be a good day, no school (y)
Y is orange leaf following me ... I don't post about yogurt ...
What makes celebs think of their music videos? They're always so rare.... High?
love the avatar haha
#WHITNEY HOUSTON WAS THE GREATEST..... YOU WILL BE MISSED!
turn on the AC cheapskate.
Leaves falling through light, Each agrees when to let go -- Blissful surrender
Who ever thought that Bob Dylan could sing?
#KeithDuffy just walked into a door , granted it was in Harley st but that's all i know.
The school bus driver who had a heart attack on his route has died. The kids who tried to save his life must be crushed. What do you think?
thank you
I haate when people text me and then they dont respond.
All is well=)
: Yeee cuzzzy, but after, woo! Don't even get me started!
I think the only way to be further behind in Code Academy than me is to never have begun...
2 more days and then i can sleep! :D lol jk i have projects -__-
Heading fir the barn cash game winners
GAWD FUCKING DAMMIT!!! I really hope Pacman steps up to the plate and beats Mayweather.
Seriously, who farted?
