After so many incidents in which Palestinian propaganda has managed to rearrange the narrative so that the Israeli side appears to be the aggressor, we could expect the IDF brass, as well as Israel’s government, to show restraint, perhaps count to 30, before throwing their own man under the media bus. But, alas, both IDF Chief of Staff Benny Gantz and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu condemned a senior IDF officer for the way he appears on a selectively edited Palestinian video on You Tube.
One gift that was in Shelby's stocking that she loved were these light up tooth brushes.
When you on the internet possibly even feel the number of choices, you quickly discover how there is work of fiction accessories tips on how to techniques to bag a designer handbag round judgement.
Moon in all you splendor, know only my heart;
1995 – 2000: Around this time I developed asthma. I suppose that’s what all those bronchitis bouts were leading up to. Don’t worry. If you get this, the medications are very good now and you won’t be left like Che Guevara – alone and infirm in a tent, breathing into an empty, paper bag.
8:01
Don’t be afraid to look around at different stores or internet retailers. Look to see what the prices are at each store before you decide to make a purchase. If you are looking online, don’t forget to add taxes and shipping/handling to your final cost. Amazon and NewEgg might have the same product at the same price, but if Amazon is giving you free shipping, then in the end that is who you should go to.
“I’m sorry, but the doctor won’t accept you as a patient then.”
A Zentangle®, in the traditional sense, is done in black and white with pencil shading. I was asked one time in a Zentangle class why it is that we only use black and white - and to that i answered Zentangle is designed to remove the obstacles that we place in front of ourselves when beginning art.
Whoever penned this has serious issues if you ask me. Not just insane, doubly so if you work it out. I don't know what else to say really, I'm a bit lost for words with this one.
I really can't buy this anymore, because I have the tendency to polish off a pint within 48 hours (which is not a good thing...for my ass). But damn, I love it.
Our smartest friend (Zachary)- was nice enough to study the injection and give us some information to share with everyone...
Finally was the Supplication. As I said in the Russian River Rumble, this is my favorite of the available sours and it didn't change after having all five of these. It has an inviting sour cherry nose and the flavors are a nice balance of fruit and sour. Unlike the currants in Consecration, the cherries have a noticeable and delicious presence that I really enjoy. Jo liked this one the most as well and is now asking how much cases cost so that's a huge endorsement.
Inside the strategically placed jar of evil (added for dramatic effect), are gourmet gummi bears that are regularly supplied by our Top Administrator through the ordering of 5 lb bags on a regular basis. It’s apparently a vice for her, and as vices go… you start out getting them for free, but eventually everyone pays, one way or another! As I notice the fluctuating level of gummi bears in this jar throughout the day… apparently those gummi bears are the “crack” of the candy world!
It’s unsurprising that Gleave is thinking in terms of the long-game, considering it’s taken him eight years to come up, unencumbered by hype, on pop’s inside track. In 2006, the first incarnation of Example emerged – as a semi-novelty, sample-reliant rapper from the mean streets of Fulham (less street, more cul-de-sac) who was the last act signed to Mike Skinner’s ill-fated vanity label, The Beats.
This was a trip that almost didn't happen. Flight prices were all over the place and just when I found a REALLY good deal (like $140 round trip) the prices shot up the next day and then a few days after that, the airline filed for bankruptcy and cancelled every flight until May! Every other airline was so expensive out of every city and I just became discouraged. That is, until I found a flight out of Grand Rapids, MI through AirTran. For about $220 round trip and with decent flight times. We've never flown out of Grand Rapids before but the airport will be really simple to get to and will be shorter drive than we're used to going to Detroit.
Here are some comments backing the campaign:
"Your decision to resign from the government demonstrates the importance you attach to your integrity.
If that happened here?
It's 4:30 in the morning, and this is what happens. I mean, I had a moderately arid day... did some Christmas arcade and sat around, mostly. But I did administer to achieve something 9-year-old me is air-conditioned appreciative of, I'm sure.
Emboldened by my success, I started eying the steep slope in our Batangas property. I shook my head, No it’s too crazy, that slope is too steep. But I couldn’t resist the challenge. I thought to myself, I can easily stop the bike once it reaches the garage. I’ll just put my foot down. I went up the slope and rode my bike. It was so fun until I needed to stop. I put my foot down, but the friction between my tsinelas and the ground destroyed my tsinelas. I used my other foot to stop the bike, but my other tsinelas was destroyed. I was barefoot. Without my tsinelas, I knew that if I put my foot down, the ground would cut through my skin. The bike was going faster and faster as I went down the slope. I was afraid that I would go straight to the talahib an area where snakes waited.
But sonofabitch, that motherfucker is still driving me crazy. Now the blisters are popping and it's starting to peel and ohmyGod the itching......
My experience has been that all dogs are smarter than I am, and they always know when I am packing treats and when I am not, and they are obedient when a treat is forthcoming and they may or may not be obedient otherwise, depending on their mood.
Wings--5507-T, 5527-T
In another study in England that analyzed more than 10,000 vegetarians and meat eaters, researchers concluded there was a direct relationship between the amount of meat consumed and the chances of getting heart disease.
When a man takes an oath, he’s holding his own self in his own hands… …like water.
The reality is that any nation that has a doctrine, which deals comprehensively with the universe, man and life, must be a nation with the need to spread this doctrine. Islam is not simply a doctrine of thoughts and ideas. Islam is also a practical system and way of life. Faith in Islam is not based only on its thoughts and concepts. A Muslim must also have belief in its actual implementation as a comprehensive way of life. Belief in this must then be followed by action.
‘Breitbart.com’s Joel Pollak explained that the ‘Forward’ “borrows…from decades of communist iconography.”
The barges drift
This beer pours a hazy golden color with one finger's worth of off-white head that faded quickly into decent spotty lacing. The nose hits pretty nicely on this beer and is full of pine, grapefruit, and other citrus spice, and only really a touch of caramel malt base on the nose. The flavor starts with plenty of hop bitterness followed by a big rush of citrus fruit and resinous pine flavor. The bitterness upfront settled down a bit about half way down my glass and then the caramel malt really provided a decent balance to the hops. I think this beer was brewed with only Columbus hops, but if anyone knows for sure please let me know. The wasn't much carbonation in this offering and it left an almost astringent bitterness lingering after the swallow. I am fine with that, but I can see how others would not like that in the finish. I think one bomber was just about perfect for me, and I would very much like to try the other IPA styles from Flossmoor.
But its coming people. Its coming.
“Ha? Teka lang 5 mins”
If you’re not a friend, you’re an enemy. It’s a fact that I’ve struggled with for years and was only reinforced by attending school.
more from my days?
Use a pencil, dowel, or pen.
I can’t say everything went as it should have. The list of events that didn’t go as planned were noteworthy to say the least, but here is a brief overview: In Nainital a massage was interrupted by a man claiming to be my husband, in Delhi my friend lost consciousnesses in the middle of a busy market, another friend experienced a severe case of culture shock, the driver who took us to Agra was 40 minutes late and we missed two important sights, we endured rickshaw wars in Amristar and got ripped off buying shawls, loved Holi in Chandigarh while my Carol’s hair turned a permanent shade of pink and Annette suffered with a two day migraine, in Udaipur we never got our second car but still marveled at the calm lakes and marble palaces, and then Mumbai club life didn’t live up to our expectations and the driver wasted our morning trying to take us to expensive shops so he could get commission.
The advice I want to give is “Don’t chase it. If it happens, great. Go fight.” But the infantryman wants to be near the gunfire, and I understand that. I understand where they are coming from. I know how I grinned from ear to ear when my Company Commander told our company of paratroopers that we were deploying. I remember the mix of fear and excitement and I wouldn’t give it up for anything.
"My grandbaby's four months old...I'll have to bring the pictures so you can see her!"
As a Goddess of the moon Diana ruled over the light that influenced the crops and pregnancy in women.
I have too many things to feature them all here, so I'll just show you my favorites - just click the links above if you want to check out everything I've got! :)
Called me to dream and co-labor with you
Oh no,
What a great way to start off the new year! Since My Dreamy Start to 2012 fell through, I decided to spend the day out at the Alameda Point Antiques Faire to do a little treasure hunting. I think it had been almost a year since my last visit, so I took my time and spent almost seven hours walking, shopping, visiting with friends, and eating....a lot of eating.
My lovely wife always tells me,"don't care about them lah" but sometimes I always feel if I don't caution them,the next victim could be my friend,my friend's friend or my friends' children but now to think about it I am no Superhero lah.
Come on TA!!!
Difficulties ...
Things were looking good, and in May 1981, Woodham Brothers sold the locomotive to Procor (UK) Ltd in Wakefield, and she left as the 125th departure from Barry. After its departure from Woodham Brothers, it took 30 rail enthusiast volunteers 16 to completely rebuild and restore the 5972 to here original, Great Western glory. During this time, new flues and fire brick had to be installed, all the controls and gauges replaced, new driving rods installed and new super heater equipment installed. The 5972 was one of the most complete engines to depart Woodham Brothers, so rebuilding costs were manageable. The GWR 5972 “Olton Hall” debuted to the public as an operating steam locomotive sometime in 1997.
a mob of kangaroos
Mitt, is not the type of malleable person that George W. Bush was so it will be interesting to see what direction the Santorum and Romney meeting will take them. The Mormon Church relies heavily on Government to feed the hungry and that is in direct conflict with the goal of the Tea Party and the Ryan Plan.
To A-Z
Notes: Can be substituted for your quarterly financial report, but only once every third quarter or so. Any more than that and they’ll catch on.
That rampant in me run; the mind’s huge barns
It is constant and irreverent
I didn't even attempt to quiet down Nestling Sparrow last night. I got him up and brought him out into the living room at 4 in the morning, so the Spouse Sparrow could sleep. I figured he could sit on my lap, while I surfed the Net.
and couldn't leave until I'd seen
OH, my Isabelle - we have called her Izzy, Elle, Ellie Bellie, and up until just 2 months ago, she was the baby! I'll never forget my pregnancy miracle with her and how God healed her, which you can read about in the beginning of this post. And you can read about her birth here. We are SO blessed to have her in our family!
hundreds and thousands or sugar pearls to decorate
Updated: 2011-03-19
In conclusion, they will make a movie about anything, our custodian is a fly killer, Betty Crocker is full of nuts, soy free cheese sucks and it's best not to be absent on ice cream day.
Rated: 8 of 10, a very good book.
I replaced them with some more.
1/4 tsp turmeric powder
APU offers quality and credibility: APU is a member institution of regionally- and nationally-accredited American Public University System (APUS), recognized as a leading education provider by numerous military, federal, private and public sector employers. Also, leading practitioners in a wide range of fields teach APU/AMU classes.
“I’m Nikolas, but my friends all call me Nikki.”
about your childhood: how you would dance unselfconsciously to pop
"Nope! Nobody farted in here! Nobody at all! Maybe the dog did it. Maybe you're just hyper-sensitive. Nobody, but nobody broke wind in the this room, my chronal chamber. Nope, not on my watch."
The timescales are all wrong for this, meanwhile, but if geomythology is the study of ancient folk tales, oral traditions, and regional myths to see if they contain camouflaged references to real, but prehistoric, geological events—earthquakes, tsunamis, volcanic eruptions, and more—what geomythological influence might the throbbing and automechanized Oklo uranium mines play? How extraordinarily interesting would it be to come across a series of old myths about an intelligent presence in the rocks of equatorial Africa, a kind of mineralized Mother Nature winking at everyone from below—and to realize that they're referring to the reactions at Oklo. A spirit in the Earth.
Four-wheel-drive required: sometimes
http://alethonews.wordpress.com/2011/08/08/top-israeli-archaeologists-contest-jewish-ties-to-jerusalem/ You won’t hear about this on MSM. After over 2 years of digging, noted Israeli archaeologists have stated that they can find no archaeological evidence to prove that Solomon’s Temple even existed! This follows on the heels of a stunning announcement by eminent Egyptologist Zahi Awas earlier this year in which he stated that, based on the evidence, the exodus of Jewish belief did not happen…. at least not in the way portrayed in the Tanakh or Bible. The timing of such announcements is never coincidental.
The month-long drive supports Cell Phones for Soldiers, a charity that uses recycling proceeds to buy and send free phone cards to military members stationed away from home. The program was founded in 2004 to help military members serving overseas keep in touch with family back home. Since July 2007, AT&T has been working with Cell Phones for Soldiers to collect phones for the cause.
So, Logan, this post is to say that I didn't forget you, but that I haven't created the perfect card yet.
Consider this: you propose a girl and she refuses. Of course, you are sad. But then think about an alternate reality. Had she not been brutally honest about her rejection of you, you’d be with someone who didn’t want you in the first place.
Where in the $h*# is he?
In What Price Culture? David Throsby and Glenn Withers point out that, based on 1981 census figures, more people were employed by the arts than were employed by mining and agriculture — a point you also made in your inaugural address as chairperson. How important do you see economic considerations, such as potential for employment, tourism, and so on. being in determines the direction of the government’s arts policy in the future?
There was no further rain, but we hit roadworks a couple of times, leading to quite lengthy delays. As it was getting darker I kept on checking the GPS for nearby hotels, but there was nothing, really. We just had to keep on going. It was quite hilly, and the scenery was lovely. Some hills resembled those around Ipoh.
Anyway, there’s an interesting aspect of Timelash yet to tag, which is the way in which the story is haunted by Jon Pertwee. And not just haunted by Jon Pertwee, but haunted by a Pertwee story that doesn’t exist. This is not the first reference to an unseen adventure ever, of course, but it is in many ways the most substantive and deliberate. There’s stuff like Planet 14 from The Invasion, but that can be explained away as a continuity goof. And there’s stuff like the Terrible Zodin, but that’s clearly intended as a joke. And there’s stuff like Meglos, but that story suggests a visit that was more tourism-based. The only story to really resemble this is The Face of Evil, and even there the story hinged specifically on the unseen story being a Tom Baker adventure.
They have these events running like clockwork!
- My wife says: What if someone comes into the bathroom?
Tom is taking one group to Red Star in Greensburg to watch some brewing, then heading to Rock Bottom. I'll be taking a group to Marzoni's to watch some brewing, and then head up to Otto's for lunch and a tour. Should be fun.
3. Stuff the spice paste into the brinjals and arrange them in a plate. Leave some leftover of the paste aside.
1952-54 Mr. Jolly's Hotel for Pets aka Hotel For Pets (writer of NBC children’s radio show starring Frank McHugh)
It's a fun read and you'll learn a lot!
So I stood up and went out of the bedroom and just held her. She had stopped crying. I didn't sing, just rocked her gently now. And within 5 minutes, with not a peep, she was sound asleep. She slept for 1hr 40mins (40mins longer than usaul at that time), and woke with a beaming smile.
This is such a nice piece. It seems to be well made. It is sophisticated but not so formal that I can’t wear it with casual clothing. I look forward to exploring other jewelry by Pugster.
I’m doing this because I feel I have to.
I tried to get past him again, my hands holding a pile of plates, my shoulder and elbow and hip prepared to help get me through the narrow space.
Sport team, 3 season participation, novice level (much less practice than the Varsity team)
He told me that he worked the doors at a casino on Auinger St. His mate was across the road talking to a big Russian guy and it looked like the situation would boil over, so he went across and dragged his mate back across the road again.The Russian guy who was out of his mind was insulting both of them so he dragged his mate back to the casino. The Russian followed them taunting and whistling at them. "So I told him to go back home to Russia where there was plenty of idiots there like himself he could fight with"
Of the books you have written, which is your favorite?
-All entries will be made using the form. Comment entries will be deleted.
Slapper - promiscuous girl.
In an instant, the gun was out of his pants and he was taking aim.
Cinderella’s magic only lasts until midnight when all bets are off. She runs away believing her dream is dead.
Although set in Paris, the film is blessedly free of the usual tourist fantasia -- shots of the Eiffel Tower out every window -- and indeed many of the most memorable moments are on studio sets. The sequence where Hepburn arrives back to her marital home, early on, to find it stripped bare of every possession is both dramatically powerful and visually striking, with Hepburn becoming increasingly frantic as she runs from room to room. The scenes in Hepburn's hotel are equally clever: Donen makes much play with the ways in which the characters move from one room to another within the establishment (it occasionally reminded me of the precise mapping of space in another Hepburn film, Breakfast at Tiffany's).
"Fluoride toothpaste contributes to the risk for enamel fluorosis because the swallowing reflex of children aged less than 6 years is not always well controlled, particularly among children aged less than 3 years. Children are also known to swallow toothpaste deliberately when they like its taste. A child-sized toothbrush covered with a full strip of toothpaste holds approximately
Friday night saw me sitting at the dining room table, wine glass in one hand, glue gun in the other watching Game of Thrones with Mr Mack, but I did it!
"YOU GOTTA HELP ME MAN!"
WRITE!
The current visibility of Asians in the media has mixed results. While most of the serious roles are action-oriented, we are seeing more emerge in dramatic roles. We’re also seeing more Asians emerge in comedic roles.
“I thank you, my Lady Jessica. And I apologize for thinking ill of you.”
Sea or kosher salt & pepper
I'm not ready to call myself a San Franciscan yet, although I can see where there will come a day that I might.
The mainstream Roman Catholic Church hangs its legitimacy on unbroken lines of consecration from bishop to bishop, extending all the way back to St. Peter. Only bishops (or higher clergy) can ordain priests or consecrate other bishops – a form of organisational quality-control, as well as a narrow conduit for the divine grace that is said to be conveyed in the sacrament of ordination. Since an ordination or a consecration makes the recipient “a priest forever unto the order of Melchizadek,” a priest or bishop who later turns heretic, or otherwise runs afoul of the Church’s hierarchy, retains legitimate Orders – even if forbidden to celebrate Mass or excommunicated from the Church.
I’m half Danish, half English, I live in the UK, I speak four languages and love reading and writing. In fact I’ve always lived as much between the pages of a book or in some story I’m making up in my head as I have in the real world.
Isaiah 26:3 You will keep in perfect peace him whose mind is steadfast, because he trusts in You.
cost-effective for UBC and does not absolve faculty members and students from
Maybe he really likes me.
I could muse on such concepts for hours, or even days. As well as being a musician I have a fascination for outer-space. A few years ago, I even enrolled in an ‘introduction to astronomy’ course for fun. Totally brilliant.Totally mind-bending. It’s hard to return to daily life after pondering light years, black holes and the quest to see right to the ends of the universe (!)
My mind raced. In my stories, the House of the Spirits covers a cavern inhabited by greedy, foul-mouthed warrior mermaids. How could my mermaids survive? Would they too pop out of the ice like grape pips? No, I realized, they would have to swim away from Venice. But where would they go?
Blaming television and other entertainment media for romanticizing risky behavior is always an option, but only to a point. While these influences do affect modern society, they can hardly be blamed for anything prior to about 75 years ago.
He stepped forward and reached down to where the floor met that wall. He cupped his fingers and scraped at the floor and wall until he had made a hole going in sideways. He stood, leaped against the wall while reaching up but felt nothing. He stepped back, then took a big step forward as he jumped, but again he felt nothing up on the wall. He removed his sweatshirt and held the end of one sleeve as he swung the rest of the shirt upward. A few times, it harmlessly dropped down, but then it seemed to catch on something where just for a few seconds it didn’t immediately fall back down. When it did come down, he swung it up again, and again it caught on something temporarily.
Speaking of bullying, here’s a great excerpt that someone posted to Facebook:
For some festive fun, the Hilton Arc de Triomphe has installed a Tattinger sponsored ephemeral champagne bar in their courtyard. From 1 December to 15 January guests can enjoy swank sipping inside a snow globe.
This post was written and brought to you by British sponsor, isme.com and its affiliate program, collect plus.
Secure leaders are refreshing to those following, and their confidence makes followers feel secure in submitting to their leadership
Rachel Morgan is the author of Guardian, the first novelette in the Creepy Hollow series. She was born in South Africa and spent a large portion of her childhood living in a fantasy land of her own making. These days, in between teaching mathematics to high school children, she writes fiction for young adults.
Prospect.2 runs through January 29. The hours, generally, are Wed. - Sun., 11am - 4pm.
Team Fielding: .975
You:
11) I Don't Like It
Malts/Fermentables
He was brutally attacked as he left his synagogue in Kiev. He has been hospitalized ever since with head injuries. Today, he was brought to Israel for treatment. Israel stands ready to welcome Jews from all over the world - healthy ones and injured ones, those who live in fear and those who come here by choice.
Yesterday I reviewed Hunger Games the books which I devoured over Spring Break. I promised to review the movie which I went to watch Sunday April 15 with my oldest daughter. K went to the midnight premier of the movie a few weeks ago, but she was willing to humor her old mom and go with me to see it. Let me just say right off the bat the movie was close to the plot line which is quite unusual in my opinion when a book is made into the movie; yet, the movie was sorely lacking.
What if you had something of value to offer them? What if you were a LEADER who actually had something of value to offer them? What if you sold yourself as a mentor, someone who knew what 95% of other network marketers did not know? Sounds better than chasing uncle bob doesn’t it? So at this point check MLSP out. You have nothing to lose but some time in exchange for some free training. Click Here and get a jump on your competition or befriend them and make it happen. Your Current and Future downline are dependent upon your knowledge, training and resources.
Duarte appears to defend the Zuma's legal action and his large damages claim.
There is so much we need to do, baby things to buy, lists of names to make, beds to buy, a house full of clutter to sort through and tidy and a damp/mould problem on one wall of the house to get to the bottom of, before the baby is even allowed to arrive! I think I'll start with a cup of tea, a sit down and make a list!
Note. I cut half a loaf of Italian bread and on the stove top in a pan with olive
Father of Mine Everclear
Today, Elsa completed her on line applications and pressed the submit button to apply to three schools: two early action and one early decision. If she is accepted to her early decision school, she must withdraw her early action applications. In that case, she will be done and will not need to submit any further applications to any colleges. If she is deferred or rejected to her ED school, she will apply to four or five additional schools. We will hope for acceptances to her EA schools in the interim. My friend Heather's daughter already has one acceptance under her belt. It was from a school with rolling admissions. These schools accept or reject students as the applications roll in. When they have enough acceptances, they simply close their registration for the semester.
Chris Klopper, chair of the independent labour caucus (ILC) condemned the protests on Monday and said the behaviour is completely unacceptable.
So... I guess what I'm trying to say is... I AM taking a little time for myself these busy busy days. A few minutes or hours at a time.
Recently, my husband taught my daughter how to play “Chopsticks” on the piano. She has been practicing and practicing it and finally got it down. Last night, she was on one keyboard, and my husband was on another. The two of them played the sweetest duet, and it was so cute! I love watching my husband pass on his skill, and I love watching my daughter absorb it all like a sponge.
Poor me, she conjectured, for having parents who would react so unfairly to their own daughter and valuable employee. Her parents would never do that.
Old-fashioned writing is not going away. Being able to recognize that I began this sentence with a gerund and that it's not the most effective sentence construction because it leads to run-on sentences is also an effective skill set, perhaps more important than knowing how to get a million followers on twitter. As much as I dreaded the 5-page writing assignment, I cannot WAIT to assign them to my students so that they too will learn how to write. And write in the old-school MLA versus Chicago style of writing.
With Wednesdays and Fridays at Mountain Goat, $5 Pint Night at Biero and any number of venues from The Local Taphouse south of the city to The Terminus in the north, Y & J’s in between, a dozen open-to-the-public breweries heading south, north, west and into the Yarra Valley in the east and so much more besides it’s a pretty lame bloke who can’t find a good night out with good beer.
and how the something
"To play a part in keeping this Club in the Premier League is all I ever dreamed of - but getting these awards is the icing on the cake.
"When women experience the loss of a child, one of the first things they discover they have in common is a list of things they wish no one had ever said to them. The lists tend to be remarkably similar. The comments are rarely malicious - just misguided attempts to soothe.
04 Toot, Toot, Tootsie (Styne, Green, Cahn) 04:22
Or whether we shall be victorious, or utterly quell’d and defeated.
So I know that this is all about Dan and I and our wedding and house and everything else that comes with getting married but I have something interesting for you to ponder.
aapish tamne
Julius Malema goes into a gallery.
Feels warm like it’s alive.
in at home...of course, you'll be the
Post: (redacted)
she is stretching out her legs,
as well as English?
As with most writers, there is a reason for my absence - one of those reasons flared up yesterday. A root canal that was installed in December 2010 failed Saturday night - split this premolar into two pieces. The long and short is yesterday, when my regular dentist was unable to fully extract the tooth and I ended up driving 1.5 hours south to Roanoke to have it removed (drilled out to be exact), and then drove that same distance home.
Other films like It's a Wonderful Life had dealt with the darker side of the American dream, but Arsenic and Old Lace is black comedy of the highest order, with gallows humor to spare. It is the story of homicidal old ladies, a houseful of lunatics and a scarred, fugitive ex-con. And yet it never fails to be light, funny and just plain fun.
Gerald stared around. Heaven, huh? Not what he’d expected at all. Admittedly some of the trappings were there but for him it was all a façade. Oh it was all right for the Senior Gods, they had it made – he’d glimpsed into their private realm. Cavorting maidens, simpering sylphs, tables laden with fruit, candy, cakes, wine… What did he need to do to reach that divine enclave? Perhaps the gods were assessing him. Perhaps he needed to pass some test, prove himself.
“Shelby.”
The IPKat notes that this ruling was preceded by three days in court, back in October. He wonders whether the parties, neither of which is exactly impoverished (Specsavers' revenue topped £1 billion in 2008/9 and Asda is the local presence of Walmart), needed to spend so much cash and effort in tussling over the sums involved here -- and whether there were better things for the Court of Appeal to be getting on with.
JUSTIN: If you had to choose just one Jaglom film to recommend, what film would you say is the essence of Henry Jaglom?
Here's a picture I took of Aaron at Intermission. He looks kind of menacing here, but I assure you, he was elated to be here. He's a big fan and I think secretly wishes he WAS Ben Folds.
Or there's this residence:
I had thawed some veal stock for another dish I was working on, so I took a bit of that and mixed it with the meat from the feet and reheated it in a small saucepan on the stove.
Hugger Mugger Yoga Experienced
The rest of the time was mostly taken up with in house stuff. One of the fighters had lost his father over the weekend so the show generously allowed him the privacy of having a camera shoved in his face, presumably so he could cry in peace – with us watching. Tough it up man, this is the ultimate fighter. They did allow him to go to the funeral and come back again and continue. They know how to look after their fighters in the UFC.
Give a man a free hand and he’ll run it all over you.
Reluctant as I am to rush to judgement as to how the facts will eventually pan out in respect of the recent terrorist killings in France, if the current suspect Mohammed Merah, a 23 year old of Algerian origin, with a lengthy criminal record and numerous Pakistan stamps in his passport, (referred to here in typical BBC speak as a "Frenchman") does turn out to be the killer, we will have seen yet another example of the, now entirely corrupt, Western media rushing to their own judgments and composing a narrative based on their own wishes, rather than upon any rational analysis of the facts.
Supported protocols: IMAP, POP, SMTP
Style: Doppelbock
~A short paragraph telling us about yourself and your crafting history, including why you want to be on the Inky Impressions Design Team!
But the most important reason you are looking at this photo, is that this is the last smile you will see on my face possibly for the rest of the trip.
the story between covers
In Vietnam more than three million people, and in the United States thousands of veterans, their children, and Vietnamese-Americans, have been sickened, disabled or died from the effects of Agent Orange/dioxin.
As many insurance producers know full well, health-based long-term care insurance has been on uneven footing in the last several years. Some companies in this market are having to raise premiums to maintain profitability or, in some cases, are leaving the business altogether. By focusing on the natural advantages that asset-based products enjoy over health-based coverage, producers are able to use these products to offer real, lasting protection to their clients.
With an excuse to leave you know,”
After each compartment is filled, the object is then fired in kiln, where the enamel is baked and takes on its characteristic shine. The result is a beautiful piece of stunning colors.
In full
And then on the Fist of the First Men we have Jon Snow …. freezing and pouting.
We give them a milkbone (broken up) right before they go to sleep, and perhaps one at mid day. Works great!
You know why people do this. Because deep down people are base, primitive creatures who want to root things. Combine this evaluation with the fact that a lot of people are heaps weird and you get the search terms below. None of these really have a G-Rating by the way.
"Meat right next to the bone is sweeter and tastier... ". Yes, that is not the only case for beef.
(5) The term Essean-Essene appears to have come from the northern Aramaic word Chasya (Greaek Hosios) meaning Saint. It would seem that we have to treat the term as generic, covering a variety of loosely related groups. For the people ‘the Saints’ were the Jewish eclectic bodies, who also bore or were given descriptive names according to their affiliations of characteristics.
And has never been a "Cuddle Baby" as her Grammie tends to say, and its true.
-Available on DVD: yes
We have a chart on our workboxes. The chart includes all the workbox/file folder numbers, and it also has blank spaces to put tags for other items, such as time on the trampoline, a snack, time on the wii or Nintendo DS, a nature walk...the possibilities are endless!
I really like it!
Outstanding trait: Honesty and straight-forwardness
“I don’t need to score, everybody else is scoring and we are winning. My goals will come. The most important thing is we have other guys stepping up and scoring.” – Dwayne De Rosario
Bank account the size of Texas gets ‘em every time
add the white part of the leeks, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon vegeta (spice mix made from salt and dried vegetables), and 1/3 cup water. stir, cover and lower the heat again.
Once inside the doctor’s lounge, she turned and faced him, crossing her arms. “Okay. Now can you tell me what is going on here?”
It includes several varieties of lettuces, and plenty of greens: spinach, swiss chard, collards and kale. Peas and carrots, radishes and rhubarb, and berries for dessert will also be on the menu, along with some standard fare herbs and some more unusual varieties such as anise hyssop, thai basil and sorrel. Camomile also will be grown…a favorite tea maybe of the First Family? Edible flowers such as nasturtiums and marigolds will border the raised, organically fertilized beds, along with zinnias, for cut flowers. And to top it off, a White House staff member will also tend two bee hives for honey.
Why did misidentification of Aristolochia plant happen? For one thing, in traditional Chinese medicine, Aristolochia plant species were thought to be interchangeable, and one species was commonly substituted for another. Also, herbs are traded using Chinese pin yin names, which can be confusing at times. For example, Fang Ji can be the name of Aristolochia fangchi (Aristolochia plant species that contain aristolochic acid) or other herbs, Stephania tetrandra or Coccculus spices. In fact, the herbal weight-loss agent distributed in Belgium between 1990 and 1992 contained Fang Ji, but instead of Stephania tetrandra plant, it contained Aristolochia fangchi.
The light will return and the darkness flee, and the world will once more be free.
Bake for 10 minutes until tops are golden brown. Use a butter knife to remove
And he says it won’t take me long. Just a few days. Don’t forget about me, okay?
Last night my husband stayed home with the kids so I could go out with some friends for sushi, it’s the only weekend I will have time before we move. He was glad to give me a small break because he had spent the day getting ready to leave for 6 days on a business trip. I hate it when he has to travel. He only travel a few times a year, but the kids and I miss him like crazy. I also hate it when he travels because I am the Mom and the Dad for a few days, as if being one parent isn’t hard enough.
Of Lavender Brown, her very best friend
He scratched his grizzly beard and set his bandana back over his warm forehead as he stretched his sun-drenched arm to his brow to scan the horizon. Another boat coming. He would have to be ready for whoever it brought. It didn’t look like it was headed in any other direction.
A few weeks ago I met Helen Jolly IRL!! at the Camp mojo retreat and she is simply a gorgeous person - speaking with her you had the sense that her family was everything to her and that life was good.
The Reading would begin at 7:30 one of those times I would always remember because it was the time back in 1977 I was supposed to meet my friend John LiCastro to see "Animal House" and when I told him I hope I don't forget the time he said, "Just remember that 7:30 looks like a man with a beard."
I was a diet coke junkie for the past 10+ years and stopped drinking them entirely September 23, 2011. I was drinking close to 1 gallon a day on some days. Now I drink unsweetened ice tea, juice and water.
And people wonder how it came to be that we ended up with 6 children.
Have fun and enjoy the happy birthday sex, Mrs. Pickle!
This time it’s Back to the Past, with “They Don’t Make ‘em Like This Anymore”, and “From The Dawn Of Time”.
'The kids are at their grandparent's house this weekend while we are packing to move, but we promise to get lots of photo ops tomorrow when she opens her gift (and a more formal thank you for sure)! My hands are shaking as I type this and I'm crying. I guess good things DO come to those who wait!! Thank you from the bottom of our hearts!'
This shot is composed of 2 rows and 13 columns a total of 26 frames stitched in Photoshop. 26 frames at 10 seconds each, panning from left to right, 0 to 180 degrees. I down tilted my panoramic tripod head to capture the foreground and up tilted it to capture the subject and background sky. It took my quad core, 8GB RAM PC 20 minutes to stitch these 26 frames. The result was 1.3 Giga Byte tiff 16-bit unedited file. I exported this file to Lightroom 4 and did the usual cropping to 6 X 18, adjustment of clarity, white balance, sharpness, color etc etc. The result was a 339 Mega Bytes tiff 16-bit file and 118 Mega Pixels.
Book Fairs (London, Frankfurt, Bologna)
Jan Mayen @ Reykjavik Art Museum (Saturday 18. October)
Chong, J. Growing Up and Cycling Through the Years to Farmers’ Markets. In Third Wave Cycling Blog. Dec. 3, 2010. Covers also farmers’ markets in Kitchener-Waterloo, Hawaii, France, Germany and Saltspring Island, BC.
(3 gifts my own)
What?! When? What?! How?!
All because of the immodesty of Salma Hayek.
Other than when she made cheesecake and baklava, I never saw her use a recipe. She left behind no cookbooks, no recipe box, no trace of the unadorned but nourishing meals she cooked over the years.
It was night in a world that had ended in a nuclear apocalypse and we’d made it across wastelands to one of the last outposts where all the rebels, nomads, pirates and smugglers stop on their way to parts unknown. Standing sentry was a giant horse made of wood. In a surprising show of civility, the Trojan tree house horse had made it the entire summer without being torn apart by any of the revelers. It had been damaged once, but they got together and fixed it. There were probably open fires in oil drums or at least some torches and over a hundred of people massed. It was incredibly laid-back though because the squat is also just a place where you can go for a drink and sit outside biergarten style. We purchased our drinks and sat at one of the long wooden tables around the side of the fortress, first walking through a cobblestone passageway once traversed by horses and stable hands. In the sleeping medieval village above, the giant cuckoo clock in the towne centre rang a few soft midnight gongs.
It is just a gorgeous spring morning, sunny and warm and the start of a 3 day holiday weekend. Patriots Day is Monday, and the Boston Marathon will be run with participants from all over the world. Have a great weekend, and once again..thanks for visiting my blog.
A Rock Opera that has Jesus of Nazareth, Judas Iscariot, and King Herod, among others, brought into the 20th Century medium of Rock and Roll. Controversial in it’s approach that Jesus was “just a man.” Tim Rice’s lyrics bind this narrative together with such clarity and force that you’d think he’d located a Lost Scroll as a guide to chronicle the true story of Jesus’ last days. What’s the Buzz and Yvonne Elliman singing I Don’t Know How to Love Him are just two of the many standout tracks on what was originally a double LP release. Great songs, coherent story line, well recorded: a masterpiece in concept and execution (no pun intended.)
Let’s use our three options on the weather. Unless you have a lot of money you can’t run away from the weather here in Weatherford. So option one is probably out! Option two is also out because you cannot change the weather. So now all we have left is option number three. We can accept the weather! In this state of acceptance it doesn’t mean that now you will be loving the weather. You might not be happy but you will have internal peace because you are in a state of acceptance where as before you were in a state of resistance and any form of resistance is a form of negativity. By accepting the weather as it is you will immediately lighten your load and have peace.
Despite being rather short, I have never got the hang of wearing heels. Enter my new wedges! I am already obsessed and don’t have to worry about falling flat on my face during graduation!
Diamond Studs
And we know that for those who love God all things work together for good for those who are called according to his purpose. For those whom he foreknew he also predestined to be conformed to the image of his Son…
Try out the many bidding websites spread throughout the net because they are out there waiting for your business all the time. Are you worried about how you are going to pay them? If I were you I would save up a couple hundred dollars to spend on hiring these writers. Other than that your network of blogs should be able to pay for themselves if you are generating income from Google Adsense on every post that is published by the writers. This alone has equal probability of paying for the articles published by the writers, and bringing in a nice income for you too.
And now, for something completely different.
I did four miles this morning taking the route I hated, but it has a great view. I didn’t go the whole route, so it wasn’t too bad. On Thursday I did 3 miles going the same way, but turning around before it got all noisy! The reason I keep going this way is that it has a hill! Hills are a little hard to come by here in the Tidewater region, however, I know Cincy is all about ‘em so I gots to keep the endurance up!
Her new LP "The Red Shoes" could be the one to break her
One thing that he can do, which we have already suggested, is to greet parade-goers in front of Our Lady of Mount Carmel church on the day of the parade, and pass out water to them.
I'm sorry - I am out of the office from 14th August until 1st September.
The challenges I would like to proudly enter my creation into are:-
Today I was thinking about how life never really seems to go according to our plan. Mostly this is ok, somedays it's a tad bit overwhelming.
A $100 million NATO invasion is coming. Low intensity conflict may follow. The “City of Broad Shoulders” may get more than it bargained for.
Your breath I felt when I passed
A new venture in jewellery retailing initially targeted women between 18 and 49, but found that most of their buyers were men who saw the chain as useful for selecting a gift but had a highly unsatisfied task of ‘presenting the gift in an interesting way’. The jewellery chain zeroed in on an opportunity to sell men great gifts, by helping them find the perfect way to make a surprise gift presentation.
Whether you need that e-book by your favourite author, computer game off steam or software patch, scheduling your downloads will mean that you won’t need to be out of bed or next to your pc throughout the day to get things done.
Anyway, Walker's has been around for years and continues to be a favorite! Collin had the soft shell crab special, and I enjoyed the veal with crabmeat and risotto. Oh, and we couldn't go without getting the delicious tamales for appetizer. YUM is all I have to say :) If you're ever in Jackson, you must go!
N-Nutrients- Do you like carbs, fats, or proteins the most? DUH! Carbs!
Globe jumps: 10
* We met Beverley Paine, who in Australia is a home ed pioneer and veteran, ideas person and somewhat of a guru, especially in Natural Learning. She has also perfected the art of inspiring and building up people's confidence.
Throughout the world, different seasoning and spices are used to augment the flavor of fried chicken. Because of the versatility of fried chicken, it is not uncommon to flavor the chicken’s crisp exterior with a variety of spices ranging from spicy to savory. Depending on regional market ubiquity, local spice variations may be labeled as distinct from traditional Southern U.S. flavors, or may appear on menus without notation. With access to chickens suitable for frying broadening on a global scale with the advent of industrialized poultry farming, many localities have added their own mark on fried chicken, tweaking recipes to suit local preferences.
Harvard Kennedy School
This realization of collaborative work did not transfer over to my academic writing quickly. I slowly awakened to the benefit of peer revision and editing for my own work because I was usually the one editing other people’s works. In high school, I was actually hired as a tutor for various subjects, but I never actually asked others for help on my own papers. Only in college did I really start asking for help with my writing. Obviously, there was always collaboration when the teachers read over our drafts and gave them back full of red ink, but this was always formalized and less effective than individually discussing the papers. The same things that happened with my creative writing eventually occurred when I stared asking for help Freshman year: ideas were exchanged, gaps filled in, and my writing got stronger even when a giant flaw was exposed.
i found the bones of a large mammal at the top of a mountain
What room are you: office
Evia over at BlackFemaleInterracialMarriage mentioned in her latest post a good way to vet a man which I thought was worth mentioning here: If he doesn’t like your natural hair simply because it’s natural Black hair, it’s a good indicator that he probably isn’t the man *black, white or other* for you. I have to say, I totally agree!
More on this later. Meanwhile, here’s a video on Prague’s lesser-known must-see places, as told by a local.
1 small shallot or 2 tbsp finely chopped onion
$1,440 for a family of four*, staying in a standard room at a select Disney Value Resort. That’s like paying $60 per person, per day!
Elvis Presley
Of Gods and Goats
Any type of covering should only be left in place during the cold spell. As soon as the weather moderates or it begins to rain, remove the covering completely. However, leave the stakes in case it gets cold again.
<U+FFFD> Good Shepherd Plaza Replacement Project
“It’s time for us to clean house,” he said.
The weekend came and went. Both girls described the concert as “amazing” and “the best time ever” as they walked to school.
The Azeroth, Outland and Northrend Children’s Week quest lines will all reward you with a choice of pets when completed then just learn one
In choosing a distant learning doctoral program, make certain that you have checked the necessary accreditation and board certifications including the licenses that the offering has. By doing this essential step, you will be able to determine if you are entering a legitimate course that will give you the proper qualification you need for a PhD.
*DO NOT COMPROMISE WHAT YOU HAVE CHOSEN TO STAND BY FOR ANYONE BUT CHOOSE SO WISELY, SIFITING THROUGH THE WHY OF HAVING SUCH CORNERSTONES ESTABLSIHED APART FROM THE COAT TAILS OF PARENTS.
let me go to the track when there's 100,000 less people
Free speech doesn't apply here, either. It was this creep's right to write and publish the book, but that doesn't mean that anyone has to sell it. Choosing to do so implies that either (1) you actively support pedophilia and would like to encourage others to try it, or (b) you don't give a shit and just want to make money. Or both.
Words do not break bones; sticks and stones do that. Words, in themselves, are not insulting; the intention of the people saying them may be.
It would be cruel to show any of these people directly. It would be ghastly. I believe, absolutely, in that Lionel Trilling reflection that the contemplation of cruelty may only make us cruel ourselves. For this reason, I really dislike the work of people like the Chapman Brothers and other artists that think unfettered representation of suffering does some good (Goya’s Disasters of War included).
Twin 1: I only got 2 shrimp.
Unknowingly Kunti had made the Kurukshetra war even more certain. Draupadi’s act of biting her lip had made Kunti tear a part of her clothes. This would be repeated for Draupadi when Duhshaasan would try and disrobe her in front of the entire Kuru courtroom. Bheem would then vow to avenge her humiliation with the blood of Duhshaasan’s chest, thus filling her empty cup with blood.
On deck is the Chael's Ale! Someone better call Scooby Doo and Shaggy because it's going to be a monster!
_________________________________________________________________________________________
4 DAYS TO GO
The lawsuit takes aim at Baracon director Brett Rogers, whom La Trobe claims “aided, abetted, counselled, procured and was knowingly concerned” in contravention of the Trade Practices Act when the Argus building was sold in 2004 to the university for $8 million.
Plaids and polka dots - and even holiday stickers.
I think I will be moving onto dance after yoga, I signed up for tango classes through the university and am really excited for that to start. It will be a little hectic for the first week, as it will be the last Sunday of the challenge, but i will figure something out.
Challenges this card qualifies for:
7:00 PM Jessica Jensen + Alexander Berardi
I tear into the first box while I let the kids open the other one. The girls just start squealing with joy! (I'm thinking ohhh...it must be good!
I had to have this pattern!
I have been so off my game of late that it ain't even funny. I tidied up my craft space (that alone should have been the first sign that something was rotten in Denmark), virtually trawled some of the most crafty places in the known world, and willfully indulged in a little craft retail therapy. I even, out of utter desperation, went on to Pinterest and I still had nothing...zip, zilch, nada, not even a rat's. Crazy, huh? I can painfully conclude that my mojo has officially left the building, hence the reason I have been AWOL from my blog for so long. Yesterday (that would be my "Monday" Down Under) I decided to put my back into it and see if I could get out of this fugue of non-creativity. After many hours of faffing about, this is the card that I came up with. Not much to show really, but I finally feel inspired to get crafty moving forward. Phew!
This sounds like somebody trying to put a Christian cover on a non-christian practice, and if you are willing to buy it, I have a genuine Ralex watch I would like to sell you.
My special needs daughter had a number of medical issues. I had other personal concerns, too. In all, it was a difficult, exhausting time.
This recipe is easily veganized, and vegan substitutions are indicated for the dairy ingredients. Often, bacon pieces are fried to render the fat used to sauté the vegetables. I chose to use a combination of extra virgin olive oil and butter for health reasons, and I don’t think the resulting chowder was any less tasty. If you like bacon, feel free to use it. If you would like your chowder somewhat thicker, you can add bread crumbs to the broth.
Registration Outlets:
What
Today an award-winning actress and activist turns 86 years young. Still going strong and looking great, let’s celebrate Cloris Leachman. Born in Des Moines, IA, she majored in drama at Illinois State University and Northwestern (where she was classmates with Paul Lynde). She launched into early success in pageants, winning Miss Chicago and competing in Miss America 1946. From there she moved into her acting career.
I just hope it doesn't happy too soon. I'll be raising a pint at my son's 18th in 15 and a half years regardless.
i always tell the truth to everyone
August 21 – Boise, Anne Morrison Park
Isn’t that the perfect summary of where we’re at as the evangelical church today. Having called a truce with the world; having called a truce with sin; having laid down our weapons; having retreated from the gaps in the wall; we’ve become presumptuous in our song.
or maybe I feel that way because I have so much extra time on my hands.
No Frills had Boneless Skinless Chicken Breasts (frozen) on special for a mere $2/lb ... one package of three huge breasts was less than $5! How could I resist?
Today news was out that the UK high court has decided that TPB is "massively infringing on copyright". The facts that no copyright is being infringed upon here at the site was not a welcome fact, so that w...as ignored apparantly.
I had my first coca tea here in Lima and passed on the coca beer which I briefly glanced at while passing through the open market. I think this was only a novelty item. The coca tea is said to help with the high altitude and since I wasn’t taking the high altitude medicine, I decided to drink this throughout the day. I enjoyed the taste and it definitely gave me a boost of energy comparable to drinking a cup of coffee.
Food - Ginsters pasties (quelle surprise)
On Sunday afternoon when we're sitting around the house after church I put the whole chicken in a stock pot filled halfway up with water. I salt and pepper the water and let it boil for an hour and a half. When it finishes boiling, I take the chicken out of the pot, set it on a plate and let it cool. I also let the stock cool.
We live in the best country in the world....
Add baking powder, baking soda and salt to the already sifted flour. Then sift dry ingredients again.
Red indicates force, vigour and energy. Dark reds indicate a high temper and is a symbol of nervous turmoil. A lighter red indicates a nervous, impulsive, very active person, one who is probably self-centered. Scarlet indicates an overdose of ego. Pink or coral is the colour of immaturity, frequently seen in young people. In all cases of red there is a tendency to nervous troubles.
Musician Daniel José Older wrote a contemporary opera Murder in Old Crow Hill, about a young girl who is accused of murdering a police officer in 19th century Brooklyn and sent to prison at the Kings County Penitentiary, a real institution that was built in Crown Heights in 1846.
While I'm being a tad offbeat here, does anyone know what television series featured a male playing the female lead? The audience was never told that the lead was, in fact, male. Hint: the series ran for 19 years.
So I went to Leeds today to do some shopping, I ended up not buying any clothes at all, which was a little dissappointing but I got some lipstick and Wonka Nerds instead, which are the best sweets ever, so it was worth it. And I spent like two hours in Urban Outfitters, it's my favourite shop ever, so so wish that I could just buy the whole shop. Also, I am so obsessed with Cambridge Satchel Company bags, I want one in every single colour!
When we first reached the Trocadero, I suddenly snapped into full-tourist mode. We’d been in the city for more than a day, but hadn’t seen very much that was, to me (not a former resident), really PARIS. Being the basic American tourist, as we rounded the corner of the Eastern wing of the Palais de Chaillot (i.e. the Architecture museum) and saw the Eiffel tower in full view – let’s just say, I squealed a little and took way too many photos. I made John pose, and he reluctantly complied:
So, my dear friends, will you help us name our hobo cat? Suggestions are welcome as well!
So if they cut out all the dialogue-free scenes and flashbacks, I bet the last episode would have been 30 minutes long. And this stuff is getting repetitive. How many times with Park Ha not answer her phone and Yi Gak spend all day looking for her? And the evil couple, I hope that those two just stay together because I’m sick of their numerous repetitive scenes. Having said that, right now, I’m more intrigued about how they solve this mystery of theirs. The driving plot is moving quite slowly so I hope getting the romance in full swing means we’ll finally get the mystery going.
Another thing I am learning about being in production and being a parent is that I've had to be the controlling helicopter type parent our culture likes to make fun of. I write notes. I label stuff. I get hyper about tv watching and bath schedules. I used to take on the mantra of "as long as they're happy!" in regard to my kids and their caretakers. But that was making me crazy. For lack of better language, it really sucks to sit in rehearsal for hours and come back to a house that has gone berzerk. Spending two hours digging out from toys and dishes when I could be with my kids or rewriting is not ideal. I've become a bit more demanding in terms of what goes on in here when I am working.
For those who don’t know, the LDS Church has a genealogical system, called FamilySearch, that is an attempt to have one centralized genealogical tree for the entire world, we people can coordinate and share information about their forebears. Part of this system is also used to track the work we do in our Temples in behalf of the dead (baptism, sealing families together, etc). When I was last in the Temple (Saturday, thanks to the encouragement of my lovely wife), I had some ideas on what the Church FamilySearch and Temple programs could do to improve the process of taking names of family members to the Temple to do their work. I’ve no idea how I could get the idea to the people who would need to hear it, but I thought I’d put it down here at least.
James Blakely’s “The Steal Deal” reads like an homage to Mickey Spillane Mike Hammer novels replete with witty repartee and smug confidence displayed by Blakely’s larger than life PI – Sonny Busco. With female character names like Pixy, Bambi, and Bevel Brand, it is no surprise Busco throws out lines like there is no tomorrow. The novel’s overall voice and narrative is perfectly executed. Just take a read of this passage:
Why? Because this is the best dessert I have ever made, bar none. I highly recommend you go out and buy the book, or check it out from your library, and make this dish. Immediately. I am totally being the boss of you right now. Seriously, turn off your computer, get yer arse to the grocery store, and go make this. Oh wait. Maybe you should finish reading this post first. Yeah. But when you're done, call in sick to work, blow off any other commitments you've made and make this dessert. You won't be sorry. And, you can share it with the ones you love, or eat all six of them yourself. That's up to you. Who am I to judge?
Got an imagination which if put inside your inflated ego would drive you completely fucking insane.
This team will certainly cause its first-round opponent some headaches with its depth and blistering pace of play. Ty Lawson has been playing great all year, Arron Afflalo is firing on all cylinders right now, and Danilo Gallinari is finally healthy again. Although their model of star by committee is unprecedented, letting whoever is the hot hand take over in crunch time, it is also unproven. That and the fact that they give up 101.2 points a game, second-worst in the league, truly hinder their chances at making a deep playoff run.
4th CFL-1 Jeff Majaika
I’m supposed to like the villains? Today I will go with Rhett Butler. I know, he’s a scoundrel, not a villain, but I really do think he gets off lightly. Scarlett would never have gotten into so much trouble if he hadn’t egged her on.
Jeff: "hell yeah"
The disappearing 9-patch is pieced!
“What’s that mean? Playing pool? Video games?”
it is mostly luck. The object of the game
Sorry, back on track… got rambling. I do that :-p So… new, more exciting meals, yes! I’ll give you an example, cause every day is different. No more boring same-old routine. Only exception there is breakfast cause until I get “bored”, I LOVE the sweet potato mash w/cinnamon, raisins and flax-seed. New lunch example:
I was living then on about five/six hours sleep a night, which I'd done for many years. I was rather proud of that in a dumb way, but one time I fixed a videocam in place for an event we were filming and crossed in front of it and looked back at the lens, so it recorded my face looking into the camera.
It's because the State Bar system is set up on a complaint-driven system. And one of the things we talked about at that symposium yesterday was getting judges to file complaints when they see this, getting prosecutors in their own office to file complaints against people in their own office that they've seen do this, would help the State Bar discipline these people.
Last week, my human sister, Rachel, purchased a gift for JJ; a pink, pocketbook style dispenser with pink bags. The pocketbook attached with Velcro and fit right in with JJ’s leash and pink color scheme. Last night, my dispenser ran out of the last roll of purple bags. Unfortunately, Mom forgot to reload this morning. When I did my solid business, she scooped with JJ’s PINK bags. Oh, the embarrassment, pink Mom, PINK! You couldn’t figure something else out?
Hopefully your files are ready and waiting, because we are going to talk today about making those babies fat!
The known and unknown
That is the day of my last deadline at school for this semester.
All those shakespeare poems just describes you,
Buuuuuuuuut, like what that quote from American History X says:
If there’s something you’ve been longing for that hasn’t made itself known to you as of yet, how do you feel about that? How do you feel about the fact that it isn’t “here” yet? Do you feel as if it’s already here and that it just hasn’t shown itself to you yet? Check your feelings about things because if you do, you’ll get the answers to questions that once alluded you. Don’t know why your perfect soul mate hasn’t made themselves known to you yet? Where is that perfect job? Why hasn’t a health situation reversed and healed itself? The answers to all these questions have everything to do with how you are feeling about these situations. Is there any fear or negativity connected to any of these issues? If you find that this is the case, don’t get attached to it, just acknowledge that it came up and let it go. This puts you so many more steps closer to getting the results you know will be yours shortly. How do you feel about the following statement? Feelings of the past have everything to do with today’s conditions. Your past feelings about an issue mirror exactly how that issue is taking its form in your life today.
Got to be both entranced and thoroughly bewildered by 2001 A Space Odyssey. But this hot sexy man interlude was well worth it. The man both entrances and bewilders me too.
The more monsters she kills, the bigger her chest gets.
I have no photographs of, nor did I ever meet my Italian grandfather who had to say goodbye to his farm horse after it had returned from WW1. What I know of my grandparents came from the stories of their history by my Italian born mother.
I now believe affirmations are about reminding us to shift our negative focus to a more positive one. They are not magic and are best approached without force or expectation. Let them remind you of the truth that is sometimes hidden by inner negative filters. I tell my clients to keep them simple, at least 50% believable, and always word them in the present tense.
We continued our drive up to Ross Barnett Reservoir where we turned back around. In all, we traveled about 105 out of the 444 total miles of the Natchez Trace. We’re hoping to return at some other time to travel the whole Trace and take advantage of the three free campgrounds along it’s route.
What makes this so desperately sad is that even the slightest knowledge of the history of the area would confirm that the project was never going to achieve its desired aim, even if it had been technically successful.
And last but not least, the Japanese are obsessed with all things French! Boulangeries, patisseries, brocantes, chez this and chez that. The Japanese love the French!
This week I had another two really difficult speed sessions that I smashed on the treadmill. The first was a series of 500m sprints, the second a series of 1km sprints. I managed to complete the 4x 1km sprints at a pace of 15km/hr, major struggle, mainly with maintaining form (although I was huffing and puffing and on the verge of vomiting as well). But I did complete both sessions successfully which was a major win for the week.
We fished al? that morning ?nd ?arly afternoon. I caught a bag full of Yel?owtail and Albacore, and a few Barracuda to bo?t. Seem? th?y run in packs together. That w?s a gre?t first trip. M? d?d knew ?e ?ere going to catch fish, that’? ?hy he t?ok us. H? exp?ained later that he hadn’t taken us before because h? didn’t think w? could land ?ig fish yet. We?l, of course I s?id I was read? before this trip. He just laughed at m? and r?bbed my ?wollen head.
The kinds of economic and sustainability issues surrounding today’s virtual archives are not the ones that concerned scholars working in the pre-digital age. Instead, for those professors and graduate students, the main economic issues consisted of having the funds and time needed to travel to the archives. While travel expenses remain legitimate needs today, access to commercial subscription databases, funds to support one’s own digital projects, and the feasibility of embarking on such a project for pre-tenured scholars have emerged as pressing economic concerns. Similarly, in the past, academic libraries created and maintained archives for users (admittedly often with some faculty consultation and collaboration). Yet today more and more professors, graduate students, and even some advanced undergraduates not only use archives, but they also build them and must plan for their management, growth, and sustainability as well. In doing so many enter into collaborative partnerships with libraries, while others form part of an academic center devoted to digital work. Some digital archives aim to reach more than an academic audience and instead afford a space for public humanities. And in almost all cases our experiences working with searchable, sometimes multi-media archives cannot help but color our forays into traditional archives. Yet, what Ed Folsom has deemed “Database as Genre: The Epic Transformation of Archives” and other theoretical reconsiderations of “archives” are subjects for a follow-up post.
O-tus mini speakers can be positioned on your bike helmet, just above the ears. The music player is mounted on the back of the helmet. The wires are threaded behind the helmet padding to the player. The set-up plays your music close enough to your ears for you to be able to enjoy songs while still hearing what else is happening on the street.
The cow shoe is a strip of metal to which is tacked a wooden block carved to resemble the hoof of a cow, which may be strapped to the human foot. A man shod with a pair of them would leave a trail resembling that of a cow.
“Whether one is a Singaporean or mainland Chinese, everybody will make mistake. He (Sun Xu) has already apologized. What else do you (Singaporeans) want? Do you really want to be a dog to keep ‘biting’ and refuse to let go?” she wrote in Chinese.
soy parmesan or real parmesan cheese, if you do dairy
So that's what I've been working on... aside from purchasing new couches.
What has also been amazing is the number of writers who have sought me out. Some of them I have tracked down, but some of them just turned up and asked what they could do. That’s always a sign that you are doing something worthwhile.
GR:FS is shaping up to be a pretty solid shooter with awful Kinect controls crowbarred into the mix and therefore doesn’t need this coverage. More importantly, games don’t need this kind of coverage. This advert is self serving and lazy, to say the least. It does nothing to introduce or excite ‘new’ fans. It’s only there for the titilation of 14 year old boys who have already decided they’ll get the game as ‘CODs 4 FagS!!1!’ and that ‘BF3 Blowz!’
The Exodar was no exception to the rebuilding process. Even with the position with which it landed, all of it’s nooks and crannies were used to build a working city. Carefully it was divided into districts: one for their Shaman brethren, who had helped them escape from Draenor; one for followers of the Light, central to their people; and one for the traders and the creators, those who could craft and make the items they needed to live, where one could trade their wares for other goods and services. Not to mention the great hall they had put together for their Naaru visitor, with it’s spiral upwards to the inn where most of their allies would stay. Those that lived in the city usually stayed in the living accommodations in the various other tiers, in small nooks and crannies that could serve as more private rooms in the generally open layout of the ship. Or city, as it was now.
Pass this on to the women that God has placed in your life
Thanks for being my readers!!!
“Land Acquisition” literally means acquiring of land for some public purpose by government or government agency as authorised by the law from the individual landowner(s) after paying some compensation in lieu of losses occurred to land owner(s) due to surrendering of his/their land to the concerned government agency.
If so; that means means that if what I think about anything can best be described by the word FUCK, then I am HONEST, and use the word FUCK.
As part of extending the ability for communication on the subject, I have created a Facebook Group to be a companion web tool for this website. The Facebook group site will allow us to have creative communication and also allow for you to get items posted on this site also linked through Facebook.
To those who stood against injustice in the 1960s, and who are proud of that moment in human history, the time has come to raise your voices again now – this time to demand justice for Palestinians and an end to rampant Israeli discrimination. The ride to freedom is long and ever-evolving. But it is also a ride that knows no geographical boundaries – whether in the Jim Crow South or Occupied, Apartheid-administeredPalestine.
A book that melds memoir with fiction, folk tale with fantasy, Sadulaev's account of the conflict in Chechnya doesn't fit into any easy categories and is all the more exciting for it. It may not be consistent but the early sections in particular are stunning in the way they weave Chechen myth with personal testimony to create something that manages to be grand and specific at the same time. Infused with the guilt of a man who wasn't there when things were at their worst, Sadulaev uses his creativity instead to speak on behalf of a people and give voice to a conflict the like of which all too easily passes us by on the ticker tape of rolling news.
That is why I create.
She groaned.
ajthefourth: Well, David, it seems like we’ve had a large amount to say in regards to this first episode of Mawaru Penguindrum. I was excited about this series before the season started, due to its director’s pedigree, and now have discovered a myriad of reasons to continue watching thanks to this excellent first episode. How about you?
The e-zine cover above is just a mock up I put together tonight using a photo we shot earlier this year at a cottage called "Maddie's On Jones".
“Dancers performed with Britain’s Got Talent stars Flawless, giving us a taster of their up an coming collaborative tour, in a dynamic street and ballet fusion. With back-flips and head-spinning, the show was more acrobatic than artistic, but it certainly displayed the company’s versatility and vibrance.
Yep, stupid question. A better question, of course, is who the lucky men will be, and how it will all pan out; a relatively happy ending is never in doubt. Of course, there are many twists and turns before we find the answer, and we have ample opportunity to observe the two girls and marvel at their opposing attitudes to life. Elinor's clear-headed, over-cautious approach clashes at all points with Marianne's uncompromising quest for the perfect romance...
didn’t have the light to go through the darkness of life and there was no light
Growing up, we had a tradition of going to my grandparents' houses on Christmas Eve. Early in the afternoon it was my paternal grandmother's house, and then it was my maternal grandfather's house for the evening. I enjoyed grandpa's house more, mostly because it was bigger and he had a larger, nicer tree. My grandmother's tree was small and white. It felt more holiday-ish at my grandfather's house. Also, my grandmother was a woman who was a bit more prim and proper and so you couldn't hike up on one ass cheek and let fly with a ripe, juicy fart. It just wasn't done. My grandfather would actually applaud you if it was a good one.
A guy took his blonde girlfriend to her first football game. They had great seats right behind their team's bench. After the game, he asked her how she liked the experience.
Live.
1 This is an expanded version of a chapter in The Alexander Technique Birth Book, by Ilana Machover and Angela & Jonathan Drake, published in 1993 by Robinson in the UK and Stirling in the US. A shorter version appeared in Midwives, November issue, pp. 389–391.
The word “credited” is a banking term. It referred to monies that were transferred or credited to your account. What was credited to Abraham because of his faith in the promises? How is our faith to be like Abraham’s? What gets credited to those who believe in the death and resurrection of Jesus?
No matter what I'm going to make sure Kiel has an awesome birthday!
4) The vain hope for worldly significance for His lasting honor - The Lord knew that in the heart of every man is the desire for self-exaltation, to “be noticed by men” and to “love the place of honor” and to “be called leaders” (Matthew 23:5-10). Yet He calls us to a life of humility, self-denial, and service. What are the rewards for so living? As the Parable of the Talents and other places show, Christ gives His servants responsibilities and gospel knowledge in this world to invest in the kingdom of God. If they are faithful, He will pronounce them so on the day of judgment. He will give them eternal honor and responsibility in the new heavens and the new earth (Matthew 25:14-30). Even the smallest of works done unto Him will be greatly blessed (Matthew 10:42; 25:31-40).
Recently the government’s department of rural development has been airing proposals to nationalise productive farmland as a “national asset”. Critics claim it is designed to deflect criticism from the ruling ANC’s failures.
Well this particular evening the 18-year-old was in need of a ride home from work (I did list “chauffeuring” as one of my sidelines) and “work” was across the street from the gym. This night the husband was home so I quickly volunteered for the driving assignment ahead of time. I devilishly plotted to leave early from home to afford me twenty minutes to worship at the physical fitness temple. Furthering my scheme I informed the 18-year-old that his chauffeur would be “working out” and he should walk across the street to meet me at the gym and I would be finished by then and drive him back home. Everything went well. I escaped my responsibilities and was very proud of my sneaky tactic to get a few moments to myself. Having limited time I chose the treadmill as the “torture de jour”.
I went to see The Death of Klinghoffer at The Coliseum last night. I'm just watching the trailer on youtube and I hear the director, Tom Morris, describing the opera as "powerfully evenhanded".
Sometimes I wish somebody would take me by the hand…and honestly just hold it….
Who knows though, maybe we'll get another girl in the house and finally we can outnumber the boys!
Like the pilgrims, most of us have fought the storms, banished the threats, overcome the fears and made covenants of friendship with God and each other. We are all pilgrims walking an earthly path on the way to a heavenly land where we will be giving thanks for all eternity.
Hermel walked over to the henchman with the brown hair who was still lying bleeding on the floor. His name, by the way, was Bren Wallowcats; a cheat and liar he’d been since his earliest years. Hermel bent down and using his mystic power of 'Earth Healing', put his hands on the man’s wound, and with a stone he’d pulled from a pouch in his pocket in his right hand, invoked the Elkron of the Earth, Minvar, to heal the villain. There seemed a golden glow for a few moments; the man began to breath more evenly, and the blood began to flow less as the gaping gash in his side closed up wherever the stone touched it. He closed his eyes, and thanked Hermel under his breath.
65g plain flour
And even now, knowing he is a Widow, he is still ever faithful. He isn’t angry with God. He isn’t cursing him. Asking why, maybe, which is a natural response. But still, the ever-faithful servant.
And yes, I’m going to do exactly what you think I’m going to do in this bed when I’m done in a second.
“Make no mistake about it,” Pukey said. “This is a war. It’s between us and the State.”
Most interesting were the questions from the community members. Several times I heard the same ones posed to the correctional officers and their commanders leading the tour. "Will there be murderers in here?" "What's the longest sentence?" and "How many people are allowed in the showers?"
McDonald AD, Cherry NM, Delorme C, McDonald JC. Visual display units and pregnancy: evidence from the Montreal survey. J Occup Med 1986; 28: 1226-1231.
When he was pulled over the police were suspicious of him and his behavior. A black guy driving along is already a suspect. A black guy driving like shit is more than enough reason to pull the car over and investigate what’s going on. When the police walked up to Mr. Perry’s car to find out what’s going on, Mr. Perry replied that he drives the way he does to make sure he’s not being followed. At that point the hairs on the back of the two police officer’s neck must have risen up. Their hands may have already been on their service pieces in their holsters. But I’m quite sure at that point they disengaged the safety and whatever straps were used to keep their piece in check. A black man talking about he’s being followed must be a drug dealer or something else criminally oriented.
Who are your favorite bloggers and why?
What's up with the change of heart? Certainly it's not our unemployment rates.
And we call that liberation? More like pissing on a Rembrandt.
½ teaspoon grated lemon rind
Former Nigerian goalkeeper, Ike Shorunmu lamented the loss saying “It is so sad but the truth of the matter is that our dear Rashidi Yekini is dead”.
It's a Lightcandle holder card and you can find my tutorial to make it on
Y-Youth- What food reminds you of your youth? Spaghetti pie and potato salad and hot water cornbread make me think of my Granny. I loved it when she cooked that stuff. She was a great cook.
Mon, 12:20am: Wtf am I doing?? Why am I living so far from home?
It is in pardoning that we are pardoned;
Because I believed I deserved it.......
Phil 4:18-19 But I have received everything in full and have an abundance; I am amply supplied…. And my God will supply all your needs according to His riches in glory in Christ Jesus.
Him: Awesome. See ya in an hour.
State Law:
Still, north and south proceeded to the referendum while drawing a line under more than half a century of fighting.
The Great Red Dragon is a pretty sweet sounding record, with that aforementioned guitar sound, the clarity of the drums and vocals and, surprisingly, a nice thick bass tone which anchors it all into a darker, foreboding space. Many bands spend whole careers concocting such a balance, yet Hellspawn have done it in just two full-length records. The only caveat here is that, while I appreciate the band's infernal level of energy, and the fact that they keep the tunes tense, brief and incendiary, nothing ever feels quite that unique or memorable. This is a well-rounded effort, mind you, and few songs feel precisely the same, plus it has the benefit of arriving and departing in under 28 minutes, and some well written, blasphemous lyrics, but I wouldn't call it infectious. That said, fans of classic 90s brutality like the earlier efforts of Vader or Hate, or Morbid Angel circa Covenant will likely find it a formidable listen.
2010.09.06 Tajikistan Dushanbe 0 7 Fundamentalists toss a bomb into a disco.
The National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) conducted a number of independent studies on the effect of a restricted diet on hyperactivity. In 1982, the NIMH announced that such a diet helped only about 5% of hyperactive children - mostly young children with food allergies.
I see termites hatch
The paper dragon is trying to sharpen its claws, putting on some muscle and learning how to fight. China now has hundreds of modern warplanes, a growing fleet of nearly-modern warships and modern equipment for many of its ground troops. But there are still a lot of corrupt officers, at all levels. It’s not just the stealing; it’s also the many officers who don’t make the extra effort. There’s also a lack of recent combat experience, which eliminates the possibility of getting the best officers promoted and worst ones killed off or pushed to the side.
On the tongue – Fresh, zesty and smooth, with a sharp, full-on bitterness.
I also created this "Happy Birthday" banner using the Mickey and Friends cartridge along with the Mickey Font cartridge:
And the people who go down in history are the ones who do just that.
Then I wanted to prove that my book can be as enjoyable as chick-lit books with big publishers. This is something that’s highly subjective, but it also means there’s room for making it happen, since having a big publisher only means a group of decision-making people liked your book. So yeah, the slow build of reviews and ratings are proving this second one true. My book is not for everyone (due to profanities, sarcasm and awkward Indian moments), but strangers who aren’t my friends have been shown to like it. So: done.
Apple and several major book publishers, including HarperCollins, Penguin Group USA and Simon & Schuster are being sued over e-book pricing, accused of conspiring to raise e-book prices to monopolize the market. The story, dominating the headlines on all the major online news outlets this morning, is not surprising in any way.
Le Manoir de Kerledan is more than just a beautiful stop over, it is also the story of how a talented couple embarked upon a huge and daunting project to create this haven of peace and beauty.
I wrote a few days ago about my creative self. I haven't slept much lately. I bought another magazine, Somerset's Digital Studio. I'm in BIG trouble now. I created this for a different challenge and 'lo and behold, it was 54 words. A little tweak and now it's fit for today as well. This 55 is less about the words and more about the hours I spent creating the digital piece, learning many new techniques ~ though it does serve as a journal entry of a recent weekend with New Beau.
My mom surprised me and told me that I got to pick a meal to celebrate my birthday and she'll pay. I went back and forth, back and forth. It took me two weeks to decide on California Grill only to see that I can't get a reservation. Fail. I really wanted to try something NEW but due to the schedule and difficulty with Disney transportation, I decided to do Boma (my 3rd time, mom's first) a day after my actual birthday.
Images are Hero Arts and SU!
Jay-Z - 42
Night, night everyone!
I'm a fan of The Copper Family, and John Roberts and Tony Barrand helped expose people to their repertoire of traditional songs. I recently found a nice thrift shop copy of Roberts & Barrand's 1971 album Spencer the Rover is Alive and Well, which is available on CD. I think I found this LP at the same time. Roberts or Barrand perform three of the tracks.
I need to get going, but I hope to see you at the show!
I feel confident in classifying it as "Extreme" because the traditional mullet, as everyone knows, is "business in the front, party in the back," while S.'s was decidedly a party at every angle.
In her nubile lack of feminine attire
John is baffled. "But dad, I moved out five years ago. In fact, this is the first time I've been back." He looks over at mother, who shrugs and says, "You know dear, your brother has his own business. He set up an accountancy firm."
Yes I recognize this project is getting more and more ghetto. Don't judge.
Leaving the luxury mall at rushhour, we drove at snail's pace past the small children - aged around three, five and eight, - begging for money from the drivers. SecondBorn gets it, that that's where they live, on the street. But was loth to part with his bit of the pizza, which is a rare and relished treat for us here.
I fear his shirt is an omen of what is to come. Those baby blues are going to be T-R-O-U-B-L-E. So while Sean is polishing his gun to keep Isabel’s dignity intact, I’m going to be staring down the harlots trying to corrupt my baby boy.
7. Don’t Let Arrogance Make You Ignorant
Good morning! It is time to open another window on the Whiff of Joy advent calendar! If you discover which designer is hosting today's prize you have a chance to win the stamp used on their card.
In 2001, I was able to opt for surgery to remove tumors because I was confident in my ability to maintain long-term treatment due to insurance coverage…even though four separate health insurance companies suffered from the same confusion over why a woman would ever want to treat endometriosis or fibroids for reasons other than fertility.
“Yes, but…” Ohobilah laughed with her. “You’re right. It doesn’t matter,” She looked up, lifting her face into a patch of sunlight coming from the tall, glass windows.
The court directed the ISI, the MI and the FC to submit a detailed report on missing persons.
1/2 to 3/4 c leftover barbecue pork, rib meat, or brisket (cut into small pieces)
Teachers would have a greater chance at observing and identifying abuse if they had the same awareness and prevention information. In fact the entire school should be required to have the same information. Therefore, I believe that all degree and certificate programs should require a teacher to be certified in a course albeit continuing education or part of obtaining their degree to include child sexual abuse education.
First, here's the version most are familiar with.
According to the documents, the contract was split in two – R1.8m for construction and R300 000 to SGL as consulting engineers.
Hazel Grace is sixteen and has Stage IV cancer which has metastasised into her lungs. She breathes with the aid of an oxygen tank on wheels, which she has named “Philip”. She has been sent to a support group of other cancer sufferers to deal with her depression, which is where she meets cancer survivor Augustus Waters. He is good-looking and charismatic, and the two make an immediate connection.
What you see here are my favorites.
‘No, that was definitely second,’ she said. ‘And it was a close second. I voted for yours to win…’
It was Ishiguro who said that, in a radio broadcast some years ago, and no writer ever put it better. But why should we seek that musing solitude? What is the point of creative writing?
What it comes down to for me is all-embracing amusement and replayability. What acceptable is a fifty hour bold if a lot of of it is the aloft old affair for thirty of them? If there's annihilation larboard to do afterwards I'm accomplished added than epitomize from the start, the advance had bigger be abbreviate and memorable. One hundred hours of gameplay? If it doesn't accept a non-linear or aberration story, I'm not interested, because I'll apparently overlook what's happened afore I'm center through it anyway.
I always doubt my messages when they first arrive.
"Nerd!"
I: Non allegro ~ II: Andante con moto (Tempo di valse) ~ III: Lento assai - Allegro vivace - Lento assai. Come prima - Allegro vivace
1. With the yellow marker, draw a dot by pressing the brush straight down.
Here is problem that I have encountered…..I LOVE protein, however – I find that I also just eat protein! I need to add colours to my diet, fresh veggies and fruits. Ive been working on my garden we have been having unbelievable weather in Canada and it looks like we are going to have an early summer – and it might be a brutal hot summer. We made it through the winter with less snow that ever! My husband shoveled once! So I have been itching to get this garden in since February when the weather was beautiful!! Its almost that time but we are still getting frost in the morning! I have turned the soil and getting ready for the compost to rake in!
Standard Industries Limited has submitted to the Exchange the Standalone Financial Results for the period ended March 31,2012.
For a couple of years, there was no furry face waiting for me to put some food out, though I continued to put a little out each night, just in case. Finally, in the Summer of 2009, a half-grown black and white tuxedo cat found the food and started coming, almost every day. I can't tell whether it's a he or a she, but, for some reason, I think of it as a him. He scares me in the Winter, because he doesn't come around for long periods of time, but, then, I'll see his tracks in the snow, or catch a fleeting glimpse of him. I think he can't make it, through the deep snow, and I worry that he will starve, before he can get back to the food.
So there you have it, top 3 not to difficult to implement ways of getting noticed.
The short answer is that I’m not ok.
At a Sanford City Council meeting Monday, which turned into a public forum on the Trayvon shooting, Rev Al Sharpton gave city leaders a petition with 2 million signatures of people calling for Zimmerman to be locked up.
Again, the Singer group is within their right to be present within their building. They are within their right to make their opinion known through whatever channels they choose – be it speech, whispers, or yes, song. But, they must be held to the same standard as every other group. The fact that you have allowed them to dictate the policy is profoundly sad. I request that you immediately rectify this situation, and require the same process of any organization or group, including the Solidarity Singers, both now and in the future.
And although Cuba suffered greatly after the collapse of its biggest ally, the Soviet Union, today the country has a 99.8% literacy rate, an infant death rate lower than most developed countries, and is the only nation in the world that has met the World Wildlife Fund’s definition of sustainable development. Having said that, Cuba is also claimed by the Human Rights Watch to have repressed nearly all forms of political dissent, and it has the second-highest number of imprisoned journalists of any nation in the world, bested only by China.
Without unresolved action as a device, what can a picture book author do to make sure that a sequel is more than a thinly veiled rehashing of the first book? I decided to deal with this challenge by putting my protagonist in a more outrageous situation in the second book.
“I know,” Mother brought a hand to my cheek. “But we know this is what you want. We know you would rather go around and do whatever it is you do with your magic. That is why we offered to help you.”
1 appear
The sense of ancient walls and crumbling plaster.
Finally, while there is no record of a response by government forces to Renwick’s preaching at Woolf-hole-craig’, they did respond to the Cairnhill preaching. In July 1684, the authorities do not appear to have captured have any prisoners from the Cairnhill or Cauldstane Slap preachings and did not know which minister or ministers had preached at them. It is possible that the government response produced further information on location of the preachings and the identify of the preacher. That may explain why the proclamation of 20 September recorded that Renwick was the preacher at the Woolf-hole-craig conventicle.
However, although John Kerry could vote for the war before he voted against it, he would never vote for parental notification for minors obtaining abortion before voting against it, and he would never vote against partial birth abortion before voting for it. To do so would be to desert the left’s most deeply held desire, the desire for abortion on demand.
February 4, 1841
A world where I could control the outcome.
In Going Postal, Terry Pratchett makes memorable the name of antihero Moist von Lipwig, which takes some doing. As a skilled conman Moist is a master at offering others the “prospect of hope”, but it seems rather unfair when all his efforts to escape Ankh-Morpork and its patrician Lord Vetinari start becoming only prospects of freedom. From being hanged in the morning to being forced to accept a government job in the afternoon would be enough to drive anyone mad. Add in a golem for a parole officer, a decrepit Post Office building complete with fanatic tenants for a home, and a cynical Miss Dearheart for a love interest, and Moist’s new career seems hopeless. Fortunately, the discovery that mysterious forces killed the previous four postmasters died suspiciously, and that the head of the rival communications giant of clacks, or telegrams, has a brutal business agenda convinces Moist that he must rise to the occasion. At least it all comes with a hat.
Yay, Pure Innocence teaser day! So many cute ones to choose from this month....this is "Home sweet Home". I also wanted to show you the newest STAX coming this month too! These are the "Designer Label 1 STAX". I stamped the image in the new Memento ink color "Espresso Truffle" and colored with my copic markers, I then airbrushed the background with Y21,E31,E33 to antique.
Are these “special provisions” for women or just outright discrimination against men? How can the court come to the conclusion that the, marriage has broken down, yet deny the same relief to him, that in the other way around, the courts would have readily handed it to the woman?
The backhoe came in and we stood there as it filled in the dirt and tamped it down. They replaced the grass, adding turf as needed and tamped it in place.
was reinstated, he said that he always
“I want to raise the stakes.” He declares.
The prime minister also said in a sarcastic tone that his 30-second punishment deserved to be included in the Guinness Book of World Records.
Wouldn’t you?
It was quite a cosmic set-up. Devotees of the church revered the sanyasis, the senior monks and nuns of the order. Of course they revered the ideal that we represented, but it was a little too easy to go along with the unspoken charade of being somehow separate and higher than the rest of the world. A seductive kind of spiritual arrogance would creep in. Try as one might to remain humble and to be authentic and real, the power of group-think and the tidal pull of living in close community with those who thought along the same lines made it difficult to think and act differently. In other words, the voice of the community and the role of monastic would more often than not overshadow and overpower the voice of my own heart, which was sublimated to such a degree that I came to consider body, mind and even my heart as a kind of enemy, something not to be trusted.
Several years ago I booked an author who wrote books about self-defence and was notorious as the sort of man who could (and would) break someone's neck with his little finger. The shop filled up with shaven-headed, neckless men in their twenties and thirties who all seemed quite excited by the prospect of comparing notes about the best way to beat someone senseless.
Place pan in center of oven and bake for 45 minutes. Check with a cake tester or skewer, or when cake begins to pull away from pan. I trust the skewer insert method over the touch method on this type of cake. When skewer comes out clean of crumbs (not sugary mixture) immediately remove from oven and invert on a cake platter. Tap top of pan or carefully bang plate on counter to loosen cake. Replace any stuck apples to the top of cake (hopefully, there will be few) and allow cake to cool at least an hour before serving.
CF: Probably the biggest worry for me at the moment is that Series 2 will be as well received as Series 1. I got some really good reviews for Series 1 for which I was very grateful, and I am working my hardest to make sure that Series 2 is even better. As far as surprises go... that would be telling, but I can tell you that this is the year of the Trojan and that the Doctor’s hearts will be broken. The plot arc is a lot less subtle this time around, but should hopefully smack you clean between the eyes when all is revealed. This is also why the finale to this series runs to 3 parts instead of the traditional 2. Oh, and of course, nobody knows just what those pesky guardians of time are up to yet!
His Word formed the world around us, and everyone in it. God spoke and in this is everything we know and can imagine, everything except for God Himself . . . and God gives us this communion through His Son, revealed as the Word. He is God’s communication to us.
There is no easy solution for changing the fortunes of the Welsh economy. Wales does not have sufficient resources to work alone in attracting inward investment to Wales nor the advantages that UKTI has in terms of resources and networks. We were disappointed that the Business Minister for Wales chose not to give evidence to this inquiry. The Minister's decision was a grave discourtesy to the Committee and to Parliament. The Welsh Government must engage with politicians in the UK Government to maximise opportunities to attract inward investment to Wales and so improve the long-term prospects of the Welsh economy. The UK Government and the Welsh Government must work together effectively, and work with education providers and industry, for the improvement of the Welsh economy and the Welsh people.'
As opposed to units 1-3 at Fukushima Daiichi, where the meltdowns occurred, unit 4's reactor core, like units 5 and 6, was not in operation when the earthquake struck last year. But unlike units 5 and 6, it had recently uploaded highly radioactive spent fuel into its storage pool before the disaster struck.
Ford CEO Alan Mulally, speaking to reporters in Los Angeles on Tuesday, said the company does not yet know if the resin shortage will cut into its global production.
Either way, I don't think anyone will be leaving before the fair. I think Baerli, Kit Kat and the new doelings will be going to the fair again this year so I have some time to watch them grow and see how they do. I did warn Husband that disposition goes far in my book. I don't care how great a doe may be - if she's not easy to handle she's gonna go.
One of the more interesting, unusual and unheralded programs to deal with this problem began in the spring of 1977. As detailed in a New York Times article dated April 7, 1977 by Judy Klemesrud, Cardinal Terence Cooke, speaking to parents at Holy Cross School on 8th Avenue and 43rd Street denounced the spread of pornography and called on all Catholics to demonstrate publicly against pornography in Hell’s Kitchen and to picket some of the more notorious pornographic establishments. This in many ways was an amazing and unprecedented request. While there may have been demonstrations against pornography in places like Tipton Iowa, or perhaps even conservative areas of Queens, public anti-pornography demonstrations a block from Times Square by residents of Hell’s Kitchen were unheard of. Times Square going back to the days of the Tenderloin was always a risqué area. Furthermore, given the brazen nature of many of these prostitutes and their pimps there was potentially a fair amount of physical danger to anti-pornography demonstrators confronting them on the streets. In addition, it was widely believed that the mafia (actually the Colombo crime family) was a partner in many of the porno establishments, and it was unclear what they might do against demonstrations that directly affected their economic interests. Also public demonstrations were more commonly tactics of anti-war groups, not the Catholic Church or Tammany Hall political clubs (although the idea may have come from the tactics of such groups).
The Characters:
-You pass a group of teenage girls you say a prayer that ankle length dresses and high collars make a comeback
11. "I Don’t Wanna Die" – 1:29
Mispronunciations aside (and it’s ree-nuh, in case you were starting to wonder), I grew up very under-appreciative of my name. My name didn’t fit right, but I was a teenager, nothing about me fit right. My sister always tried to shorten it (to reen, yeah, that’s appealing, but if my mother can put up with being called Die instead of Diana, I guess I can muster on under the burden of reen), and my friends tried to hide behind clever nick names: Kit (didn’t catch on), elffy (oh boy, internet inappropriate story there), and of course Sasquatch because I have enormous feet. Nothing stuck. Never did they find a name that worked. To this day I’m not sure if I was relieved or disappointed.
The aboriginal car you’ll physique is about a Jet Ski. Afore you can go anywhere, you’ll accept to in actuality draw your advance appliance the stylus. With your advance plotted, you’ll yield ascendancy of the Jet Ski, which you can move angular with the stylus and is apparent from a behind-the-back perspective. Admitting your advance is fixed, there are still obstacles and enemies that you accept to contrivance and rings to collect. You can tap on the awning to boost, and there are ramps that you accept to achieve tricks off of by authoritative a specific action with the stylus. Eventually you’ll acquisition that the aqua bang doesn’t accept abundant range, at which point you’ll accept to physique your next vessel. There are four altered cars in total, anniversary with its own ascendancy schemes and its own altered abilities that achieve it best ill-fitted for specific routes. The hovercraft is a lot of agnate to the Jet Ski, admitting with a added focus on abhorrent abilities. In the case of the barge and the submarine, you don’t in actuality ascendancy the abode at all, instead annoying abandoned about battlefront weapons at admission enemies. These traveling sequences are adapted little interludes amid the accustomed levels, admitting they’re never any bigger than the antecedent Jet Ski.
Then at another sale I found this brown & white transferware pitcher . I just sold a lot of my brown & white ironstone to a lady , but this was to good to pass up $3.00, so I'll start another collection
I was trying to decide between a 2-star rating for most of the book and a 4-star for the ending. However, most of the book is obviously, umm, the majority of the novel, so I have gone with 2 stars.
Colin Arthur Bonnett, 39, New York, N.Y.
Hope you are all well!!!! Starting to get super excited about BOOBs even though it's a ways off!!
As I relayed what happened to my husband we both chuckled because we know our son very well, and as my cousin describes him -- "He's so sweet you just want to dunk him in milk and eat him" his poor little spirit took a battering today.
And share with others
Personally, I am excited about the topic, which is why I suggested it. My special thanks go to Curtis Gary Dean, professor at Ball State University, Peter Wu of Deloitte Consulting, Brian Stoll of Towers Watson, Rong Yi of Milliman and Janine Johnson of Insurance Services Office Inc. Without their consistent availability, the article could not have been written!
We're definitely going back. Have you done any traveling lately? Or have any trips coming up? Is there anywhere you're dying to go but haven't yet?
Wild winds? Check.
I'm hopeful - no matter how bad Romney may look, that people will check the gas station before voting and remember it's Obama's watch.
Isn't this sounding mysterious?
Not “in a bad spot”…not “going the wrong way”…not “in need of making some better life-choices.” I was dead.
"C'mon, Farsi? Thai? in Alabama?"
2. Sit somewhere comfortable. Lying down is not a good idea, or you will likely fall asleep.
We were able to call one another on occasion, but phone calls were expensive. He was going to A School at Great Lakes in IL and lived in a barracks. I lived in a dorm and had a phone in my room. His phone was in a hallway, and was shared by all of the guys on that floor. When I called, I would have to tell the person who answered who I wanted to talk to and they would go to see if he was in his room or in someone else's room on the floor. The minutes added up!
Monday was the anniversary of my dad's death. Nine years ago. Stomach cancer.
We moved in just a week before Megan was due, I brought her home from the hospital to the first house she ever knew. As she grew up, we walked through the town almost every day, crossing and re-crossing the foot-bridge over the railway, from east to west, past the library and the church, between school, shops and home. We picked blackberries in Jubilee Park when the weather was good, pick-and-mix in Woolworths when it was bad.
"There's no need to be like that, Rel." Dora's manner had stiffened, but only slightly. Behind her, Taslin stared at him with outright alarm on her face. Dora's tone was reproachful rather than angry as she finished, "It's just a joke."
I swore I would never buy another thing from Amazon.com and I haven't...until today.
Not only is it buy on get one free, but the original price is slashed in half so if you buy 2 quarts you’re only paying $40, instead of $160! That’s a savings of $120!!!!
- from the movie a walk to remember
It made a nice change of pace from the Christmas theme too.
Aswan’s Savior: +4 All Stats, +1 Weapon/Magic ATT, +100 Weapon/Magic DEF, +60 Accuracy/Avoidability. You get it by clearing Normal mode of Hilla.
Last night Felecia and I rinsed out our growler and walked to Laurelwood in hopes of trying their Fresh Hopped Kolsch. I read recently, on a blog that now alludes me, that guys at Laurelwood drove south in the Willamette valley and picked up a truckload of fresh hops which they rushed back to the brewery to transform into beer that very same day. This little story is very exciting for me, and I longed to enjoy the exploits of their hops odyssey.
According to Inv. B.W. Himan’s notes, Mangum described at least two of her attackers in ways didn’t remotely resemble any of the lacrosse players. No wonder, then, that she identified none of the suspects that police presented to her in photo line-ups on March 16 and March 21. On March 16, police presented four groups of six lacrosse players each. In each group was one suspect named Adam, Matt, or Brett (the police selected only 2 of the 3 Matts on the team as suspects) and five fillers (players not named Adam, Matt, or Brett). On March 21, police showed the accuser two more groups, with one suspect apiece (the other two residents of the house, Dave Evans and Dan Flannery) and five lacrosse players as fillers. In total, Mangum viewed 36 of the 46 white lacrosse players and identified no one as an attacker.
I’d ask you to think about this in your life, with a current goal that you’re working on. Remove the option of failing by knowing you are in control of succeeding. Yes it may take longer to achieve than expected, it may be harder than first thought but there’s always a choice on how you view your success.
Squatters Hop Rising
Take client photos frequently, as images and video drive the viral nature of social network. Digital cameras know take still images and video. Make sure that the images are professional looking and truly show highly skilled images. Have a model release ready to have the client sign-off so you can post the images to your blog, #Pinterest, #website, or#Facebook. Remember, those images just stay relevant at that time they were posted, frequency is key. Just don’t’ post once a day, several times a day is important.
Some people think married couples wear wedding rings to show our status, like a cab driver with a rooftop sign alit: “Unavailable.” For me, it’s a reminder and a connection. I look down at that ring and feel not just the love for my husband, but all of our history – beautiful and challenging alike – as well as the place where we fell in love and said our vows. I love that place.
And just because I think it's funny:
mastermind. He gives deatails of faries. He did
9. Every time a new car was introduced car buyers would have to learn how to drive all over again because none of the controls would operate in the same manner as the old car.
For now this book will have to do.
It is no secret that I love TRIO. The food is fabulous, the view is gorgeous, the service is just fantastic. What's not to love? After the last food blogger event, I was in heaven. My review is here. I thought there was no way TRIO could out do that event, but they made a liar out of me. A big thank you to Paul, Mark, Camile, and Susie for making the evening absolutely phenomenal.
We need to have more senior people, male and female, talking openly about the ways in which they carve out time in their lives for their families. And, of course, we need more senior people actually doing it.
Don't Get Noticed.
Perform International Code calculation (i.e: ASME) to verify the pressure parts material selection.
Tom: Crap – Toby, Tami, an ear bud cord and a ring are all tangled up and it looks like trouble.
In my adult life, we haven't been poor. We haven't had to use an emergency shelter, or use a food bank. We have been broke and couldn't afford things, but we could always make our house payment and all the regular bills we had. We had setbacks. Dude lost his job of 18 years and all of a sudden, I was the primary breadwinner, making a whopping $14 an hour. We had two teenagers, orthodontist bills, clothes, sports equipment, insurance, cell phone bills. We made it through.
materials used: acrylic paint, acrylic ink, collage, pen.
"Noted Breweries of Great Britain and Ireland, vol. 3", Alfred Barnard, 1890, page 119.
Yesterday we took the boat over to one of the islands and I was amazed how many children were in boats, and on the island, with no hats or sun protective clothing on their bodies. With all the publicity about skin cancer I wonder how these parents can do that to their children. I have just had a very dear friend die of melanoma and he went through hell. So many operations and drug trials and finally succumbing to brain tumors. I wouldn’t wish his type of death on anyone. Shame on those parents and grandparents who should know better.
Not really! If you combine this type of programming with some lack of skill you get the right picture.
1. The world setting of White Cat is very elaborate. One of the clichés about urban fantasy is that despite events happening in the here and now, they never really affect the real world. White Cat’s very different. The workers are an integral part of society. People hire them for blessings, for beatings, to make sure business goes right for them or badly for their rivals. You establish that charms are very common since people need to defend themselves against being worked and everyone, but everyone, wears gloves. How much time and effort went into building the ground rules for your world?
This week is not a wonderful one.
And those three conversations were not unusual in the slightest. Move over Dance Moms, the Gym Moms could make you hide under your chairs and cry. Can you still cry if you've had massive amounts of Botox? I'll have to do some research on that one.
The date was selected by the Knesset (Israeli Parliament) on April 12, 1951. The full name became formal in a law that was enacted by the Knesset on August 19, 1953. Although the date was established by the Israeli government, it has become a day commemorated by Jewish communities and individuals worldwide."
Oh, that air.
Doing this is hard, no doubt – there’s a certain level of resistance in our families, our friends, those who question what we do. Many observers see us allowing our children to eat what they want, watch what they want, say what they want, etc, and make the natural assumption that we are indulging our children. They believe that these indulgences are short-sighted; that we are choosing the easy path of least resistance by being overly permissive now, but setting our children up for long-term difficulties as they try to adapt to the "real world." I understand that. But I do not agree with it. I think that when you help your children focus on passions, you're taking a long-term view of your child's life and setting them up for success beyond your wildest dreams. How? By setting up an environment in which we model the pursuit of our own passions without expectations or conditions; by allowing and encouraging our children's passions and exploration without judgment; by trusting that our children will do what's right for them even if it's not what we would choose for them or for ourselves. Doing this authentically and wholeheartedly helps our children understand that their views have value, that their passions have value, that their thoughts have value - that they have value. And that builds a confidence that enables them to try new things and explore their passions as well as their fears. But most critically, it enables them to see the world through their own eyes and to define success on their own terms.
Cozy is on duty with another band somewhere in Europe. He flies back on Thursday.
hmm, difficult to find a photo where I wasn't looking a bit mental. However, I thought I'd get over my vanity and show you these in all their hilarity!
Marieke Laurent (France), Me and Andrea Lozano (Ecuador) at the recession with cookies with the New Paltz emblem.
So, if anything, I think perhaps there’s just a sense of modesty about what a philosophical project can do. But why not bring to the fore the radical potential implications for politics and ethics that a flat ontology, an object-oriented ontology, can have? Certainly this was Deleuze’s intent. That is, if you’re going to advocate for a flat ontology, why not also put the anti-oppressive aspects of that to the fore just as much as the ontological ones? Otherwise, what a missed opportunity!
Page 234's reference to the Sistine Chapel is equally puzzling. We are told British woman calls in on a radio program to say that she is "gobsmacked by the volume of holiday decoration here in the states" (I sincerely doubt a British woman used the euphemistic and inaccurate term "holiday") - "If you ask me", she says, "the whole thing is a waste of electricity". One would expect Judith to be right on board with this - but instead, she says "if you ask me, the Sistine Chapel ceiling is a waste of paint".
October goals:
The United Nations was formed to force the nations of the world to solve their differences aside from bloodshed. Our newspapers daily inform us that they are failing and they will fail. How do I know? I am reading Matthew 24:6. “And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet.”
It all started with Jawaharlal Nehru, who was the first Prime Minister of India after independence from Britain. Nehru's only daughter was Indira Gandhi, who had two stints as prime minister before being assassinated in 1984. Her elder son Rajiv succeeded he lost an election and was later assassinated in 1991. Her other son, Sanjay, also had a ton of political power but never held office and died in a plane crash in 1980. Rajiv's wife Sonia then became involved in politics and now leads the Congress Party in India. Many believe she's the most powerful person in the country. Her son, Rahul, is the heir apparent to this political dynasty and is currently a prominent member of parliament.
As has been noted elsewhere on the net, there's a link between Lady Gaga and Lady Godiva - though the earlier lady sought to pass unseen though naked, covered herself with her long tresses, and was only spotted by Peeping Tom - and acted for the good of her people. It is likely that Gaga partly based her name on that of the famous woman of nakedness, though.
Tree Planting Ritual / Blessing
1/3 cup chopped pimentos, drained
Su Kuang Hong, who works as a service engineer at a GLC, has come out to make a report, that indeed he was on of the few people that got hit by the police car.
“I avoided events/organized activities that were dominated by stay at home moms.”
The idea is that each type of 'tea' approaches a different aspect of life i.e. Tired tea has an orange scent which can help you feel more energetic and Love tea has a rose scent which makes you feel uplifted (the same as my Aromaterapy Plush). What do you do when you have a problem? Pop the kettle on and chat it out. These are based on a similar idea.
Well, I think that's pretty fabulous advice so I'm going to show you some of the images that have been floating around in my 'Kitchen Inspiration' folder for a while that I find myself coming back to again and again (even before I had a kitchen to work on!). Because I've had many of them long before I had a blog, I don't know where the majority of them are from so if you know, just let me know in the comments and I'll be sure to give credit where credit is due!
I'm dead chuffed that there were some recordings of my late uncles on these tapes after all those years, and I can't wait to hear them. My dad sounded really excited when I told him too. I'll keep you posted.
And I knew then,
Oh, well, I have plenty of time to experiment! I’m excited and I’m pumped….then again, that could be the caffeine talking!
So I figured out how to disable it on my blog. I hate that I hate to figure out how to disable something I never enabled in the first place, but that's another story. There's a catch, though. You have to switch your Blogger editor back to the old editor to change the Settings on your Comments. The new Blogger Editor doesn't even have the option to turn Word Verification either on or off. It's ridiculous times two!
‘Til Tuesday
Kill yourself if you think this color analogy is appropriate. You have failed as a translator if you do shit like this and try to justify your stupidity. It is simply pants-on-head retarded. The word “rose-colored” means something in English, and it is most commonly associated with the idiom “rose-colored glasses.” Thus, 99.9% of English speakers (not just hurrdurr Americans) will misinterpret the line.
And do you see how close we are to them? I’m taking all these pictures from inside the car, while we are driving. Though the driver was very careful and a great driver we were still extremely close to all the people walking and motorcycles and cars and trucks riding along with us. Oh… I do not miss driving in Indian roads.
Next, paint your design- the possibilities are endless! This is a great way to do dry water marbles, tiny details you simply cannot make on your own hands, or even ensure that you are completely happy with your design before committing to put it on your nails.
Hedonic calculus – a means for measuring how good or bad a consequence is.
Turkish Airlines’ Chief Investment and Technology Officer, Ahmet Bolat, Ph.D. added, “We believe that this new partnership will boost traffic between Turkey and the U.S. with JetBlue’s wide-ranging network via New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport and Washington Dulles International Airport. We’re very excited to bring JetBlue service to Turkish Airlines’ customers.”
A Swiss meringue is made by heating egg whites and sugar in a double boiler until the mixture reaches 110°F to 120°F. Then the mixture is beaten until stiff. This technique ensures that the sugar is completely dissolved and stabilizes the meringue.
You truly do appreciate things more when you work hard for them.
The Isis Collar Yes, the cover is terrible and it’s the fourth book in a series, but it had me at “magical zombie plague.” I might have to find the first three for this one.
I still have to go in for some minor re-touches, but other than that it's ready to go!
May we write today with submission.
“Alexandre,” she said suddenly. “What happens to the camp during the rain? I mean, we’re on higher ground, so we’re nice and dry, but what about the people below us? That’s quite a dip the ground where the tavern’s set up.”
Whoever you're with or wherever you are this Christmas - have a sparkling one, a fab festive stretch and - l'll see you on the other side..
in the skin
(Three Blind Mice)
The degree to which this sincerity of itself is enough to establish the merit of Hogancamp's art could be a matter of debate. This is to suggest that it seems unlikely anyone could grasp it's profundity without having background information about the man's biography. It might be possible to uphold as a corollary of the art-for-art's-sake rule that any circumstances surrounding the art's creation should be disregarded. In the case of Hogancamp specifically, however, this corollary should itself be disregarded because in the first place it is beyond debate that he is not creating art for art's sake.
On Friday we visited Marit and her boys. She’d made a lovely lasagne for dinner which was to be followed by traditional Norwegian waffles. Paul and Marit made the waffle mix together, then Marit showed Paul how much mix to put in the waffle iron, how to watch for the light to go out when they’re ready, and how to use the fork to get the finished waffles out. Then she left him to it. She has an open kitchen/dining room so we could see what was going on and he was sitting with us between waffles (while waiting for the light to go out) but was totally in charge of making them, and I have to say he made a fantastic job of it and quite honestly, it even surprised me how well he managed it. What's more, they tasted wonderful and were enjoyed by all. I have a waffle iron that I never use, but I really have to find a good recipe now and set Paul to work, making us a treat on a Saturday evening. I also need to start thinking about other cookery tasks that he may be able to do.
Lord John and Lady Sainsbury: The Tory Lord is President of J Sainsburys supermarkets. Donations: £905,000.
Stay, stay, stay, says the bird-
Most likely though, I am inadvertantly combining / confusing / mangling the canter depart cue. One solution will be getting Val out to the beach and letting him rip - straight line cantering. Firm footing, no need to balance in tight turns, plenty of room. Possibly this weekend if weather permits and my riding partner can join me.
-knit all the stitches forming the sole-side or underside of the toe (1a), then knit all the stitches forming the upper-foot side of the toe (1b) until the toe is complete (ie alternately 1a, 1b, 1a, 1b etc in a continuous spiral, until the toe is the desired length)
“If I might... have a moment... to explain?” Van Raighan gasped.
Around mid-April, I finally finished the first rough pass, printed it, and swapped it with Kat. She returned that copy a few weeks later, and although I know she's an art teacher by profession, I learned she's pretty good with a red pen too. Despite all the corrective encouragement, it took me a few more months to muster the motivation to take another whack at a rewrite. This whack coming not without another competitive challenge from my friends. We had decided to claim this November as our own 'rewrite in a month' (or so) project.
So it was that WACAP contacted "Debbie", the adoptive mother of one of the "Journey of Hope" girls, and asked if they would be agreeable to a visit by their daughter's biological Uncle in their home. Of course this came as a huge shock to Debbie and her husband, who could not understand how the people described in their daughter's adoption paperwork as being too poor to care for their daughter were now suddenly able to afford to fly to the U.S. and tour around with their daughter's orphanage director. They were angry, confused and very frustrated as the realization came to them that they had been deceived by the orphanage to begin with. They informed WACAP that they felt very uncomfortable with the situation, and WACAP informed Director Pei that Debbie and the other families were not welcoming of his proposal.
But before all of that he was the very first network news anchor for NBC News. His show was called "The Camel News Caravan". I remember, because I was his mail boy.
Look how good this chicken looks:
We've also started to acquire all the "baby stuff" we'll need. So far we have the Pack N Play we'll be using as a bed, a used swing, a carseat/stroller travel system, an assortment of cloth diapers, lots of clothes, and I'll be getting a Bumbo seat and a Boppy pillow from a friend this week. I think we're off to a good start!
The second batch fermented 100% on oak with our Corvaller Weisse sour yeast blend. Brewed with oats, rye, wheat, and malted barley, then fermented with Gotu Kola nut, raw cacao nibs, and cherry juice. KSA has an incredibly complex nose of cherry, cocao, and spicy woodiness. This enamel strippingly sour ale retains its sessionable nature with a thirst quenching 3%ABV.
There are book giveaways and competitions.
The puppy digi image is here and the paw print is here. The paw print stamp (on sandy part of the main paper) is from Biblical Impressions Rubber Stamps; sources for the shell stamp, feet and shell, papers, and stones are unknown.
Although the weather was cool by Florida's standard, we preferred the 60's temps to the single digit, freezing snow storm that hit back home in Michigan.
Now's the perfect time to advertise your small business or your blog!! Please contact me at shabbynest (at) yahoo (dot) com if you would like to know more.
In terms of language, I received some pieces with Canadian spelling, some with American spelling, and for the most part, that's how they were left. Also, my proofreader flaked out on me partway through, so I'm blaming her for the typos I'm sure are there! ;-P
That march to the Durban Convention Centre, complained Desai, “delivered the minister of international relations, and COP17 president Maita Nkoana-Mashabane to the masses gathered below. She used the opportunity to say how important civil society was and promised to study a memorandum. She was gracious and generous. I could see the NGOs on the truck preening themselves in the glow of this recognition and probably increased funding.”
-We will 100% for sure be meeting a need
I will now be able to start to decorate for Easter and Spring!!
Muffin-top Mummy perhaps?
As a faculty member of the International Institute of Analytics, Nathaniel has partnered with Prof. Davenport in benchmarking analytics competencies of several banks, credit rating, CPG and online retail companies. Nathaniel was also a member of the INFORMS Practice Committee and a Trustee of the Marketing Science Institute representing IBM. Nathaniel holds a PhD in Engineering from Birmingham University (UK) and an MBA from MIT Sloan School of Management. He has also been an Adjunct Professor at the Georgia Tech College of Management and Boston College Carroll School of Management, teaching Business Analytics to MBA students."
When it first came out, I was still working a job in a field that bored me. I wanted only to be a full-time writer. A famous writer. A rich and famous writer. This song, widely played in those days, ran through my head. I hummed it off and on all day long. I no longer wanted to work at my boring job of course, but I noticed something else: that when I reached a sweet spot in the writing of a story, I didn’t want to play either. I didn’t want to go hang out with friends, shop, or party. I only wanted to bang on my drum. I only wanted to keep writing, like the song says.
A bit of retiring room gossip tells me that a District Judge was recently rammed from behind by another car when he had the temerity to stop for an amber traffic light. The other driver yelled at the judge for stopping at a mere amber signal.
The plot was a combination of “Phantom of the Opera”, “Dorian Gray” and relied heavy on the “Faust” theme. Paul Williams, all 4 foot ten inches of him, was miscast as the devil. The scene that barely sticks out in the deepest parts of my memory is...well....I can't remember a fucking thing about it except when we left the theater that night we wished we could go to a rock concert that was like the movie we had just seen.
You’ve never felt foreboding like it. Any student of horror will tell you that there’s nothing more horrible than what only exists in the audience’ mind. Pathologic has you building up your own unthinkable mental picture of what takes place inside these buildings for almost the whole game.
Could the last three years have gone differently? Sure. The opposition was locally fierce but was not joined by major citywide good government groups, who did join a coalition of more moderate critics in the most recent months. No self-interested, big-pocketed corporation, like Cablevision in the West Side Stadium fracas, stepped in to amplify the voices of neighborhood opponents.
Document Viewer (Word, Excel, PowerPoint & PDF)
Abdullahi met recently with Aminu Daurawa, head of the Hisbah Board, who promised to personally select the best available man for her.
3. What’s your favourite New Zealand book?
True to its creators’ ambitions, Contagion’s greatest strength as a story is its eerie plausibility. Soderbergh and Zant hired a doctor from Columbia University to extensively supervise the incorporation of real-life science into the film, and even to the virology layman, their thoroughness shows in the sheer level of detail and thought put into the depiction of the outbreak. Every plot point strikes that perfect balance between being exciting enough to move the story forward, yet believable enough that the audience can accept that this could actually happen. Repeated references are made to the catastrophic 1918 Spanish flu pandemic; it hardly seems like a stretch to describe the film as a detailed imagining of what a similarly lethal viral outbreak would look like in the 2010s. The symptoms of the virus are gruesome, and the mundane means by which it is transmitted makes for great paranoia fuel. The origin of the virus, once revealed, is chilling in its simplicity. Possibly more disturbing than the virus itself, however, is the film’s depiction of the ways in which civilized society reacts to the outbreak. Neighbors turn against each other, riots break out, politicians scramble to save their own kind first, and sleepy suburban neighborhoods and grocery stores become lawless jungles where the resources necessary to survive go to the strong, and the weak are left deprived or worse. It’s nothing that hasn’t been seen in plenty of apocalyptic-minded films before, but something about the stark transition between a teenage girl using an iPhone to text her boyfriend and the house across from her having its fridges raided by shotgun-wielding looters really drives the point home in a way few prior films have managed.
Lindy says, "Hi, Bozo, this used to be my favourite squeaky toy until I lost it. Do you like squeaky toys? My mom doesn't like me to bark in the house, but I make lots of hungry noises, and why-is-Daddy-working-I-miss-him noises, and my squeaky toys make happy noises for me."
Just like the beginning, the ending of a huge project is murderous. You stare at the remaining space to be filled, or the problems left to be done, and they loom huge and intimidating. If you are prone to giving up at the end, save yourself a little something for the end as well. Maybe it is just reviewing the work or re-formatting the paper, but there is bound to be something light that you can use to keep yourself going at the end.
Of course no Thai show or exhibition would be complete without pretty girls promoting the products. Not only are they pretty but they have also learned their product pitch by heart. They put all their acting skills into the job. They’re always happy to have their photo taken – but this show was so crowded it was hard to take a good photo.
32 more lines to get sugar…
If I have to do without live shows for a while, it's nice to see the sweet little baby behind it. I get it. I've got kids. However, I'm still holding out for a new CD in 2013.
“Eighteen’s not drinking age,” I said. Besides I hated the taste of beer. I shook my head.
I set up the tripod on the edge of a cliff and sat there for over 2 hours waiting for the perfect light, hoping there wouldn’t be an earthquake. Mostly because I didn’t want to see my gear go over the edge…who cares if I did haha. As I waited, I tried to shoot with my iphone a number of times, and the camera just couldn’t handle the wide dynamic range of the scene no matter what I did. It wasn’t until the sun was about to disappear that I got something useable.
I still picked “unavailable” ones. Subconsciously on purpose. That’s interesting.
We will most likely pay for having this mild winter weather and no rain
I want to be present. I feel blessed to know what the future holds for me. I will get to tune out the world and
In a time where there is neither right or wrong,
Guess what I answered ;DDD ‘I look good in everything… That`s the point.’
10/19 – Fargo, ND – The Aquarium
I opened the car door and got out.
So another crappy day dawned. I had called around at some RTC centers looking/checking out….weighing options…at this point it was about everyone in my home feeling safe…and I wanted a plan B in place, for when not IF a bomb got detonated yet again.
Christian L. DeSimone, 23, Ringwood, N.J.
UPDATE: 8th August, 2011. The Sunday Business Post reports on a meeting between justice minister Alan Shatter and commercial tenants from Grafton Street in Dublin. The report suggests that the legislation will be introduced in the autumn but that there are difficult Constitution-related obstacles to be overcome. Again the term “exceptional circumstances” has cropped up in the context of tenants seeking rent reductions, suggesting that tenants will face obstacles in seeking reductions.
I've finished 'How I Live Now' now... And the book my writer friend has written... Am just about to start um..... *scans the pile* 'Damaged Goods' by Helen Black.
One day he brings Sonia out to the estate. He’s got a nice romantic walk in the woods planned. It just so happens that on this particular day – a major heist is going to go down. At the mansion – he’s watching.
Step One
Hello! So sorry I have'nt been in blogland for a good while but I have taken up an old hobby and will share pics soon :) but until then I thought I'd share the card that got me a runners up prize of $25 worth of Nitwit collections downloads in issue 96 of Simply Cards & Papercraft(I'm on page 23). I was chuffed to bits when I got the email saying I was a runner up and had my youngest sons help deciding which collections to choose because I loved them all lol. The paper's are LUSH!
There are those who love eggnog, and those who don't. My husband doesn't. My son said he's never had it. I'm right in the middle--I can take it or leave it. Years ago, I made it from scratch. It's a bit of work, takes a lot of eggs, but the bourbon spiked eggnog disappeared from the punch bowl. Then it hit me-- eggnog in pancake batter, instead of buttermilk!
Other - Black Pearls, Gelly Roll Glitter Pen
Oh, by the way, if you ever reach total enlightenment while you're drinking a beer, I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose.
After a restful hiatus, I’m excited to get back to posting regularly. Last week, I got offered the Box Office Manager position at Weathervane Playhouse in Ohio and I am so happy to say that I took the job. It is going to be so wonderful to return to the place that my love for arts administration began. Yall, the people in Newark, Ohio inspire me. They taught me that a background in theatre is not necessary to fall in love with the arts.
These are the lip balms I received and I just love how pretty the packaging is and the scents were not your regular scents. The pink one is a soft rose scent and the black was more of a sophisticated berry. They are light and moisturizing and not at all sticky. If you like more color they go great on your lipstick for added moisture and shine.
RAPPERS: Avoid having to say: "Know what I'm sayin'" all the time by actually speaking clearly in the first place.
I either run or bicycle every day. Every. Single. Day. So naturally, I'm in as good of shape bicycling as I am running. Ok, I'm not going to win the Tour De France or compete in the Olympics but generally there aren't a lot of people passing me up when I'm out there.
I am so disappointed.
The end of Book 3. See... do you see why I NEED book 4 now! You cannot just leave off with them hugging and crying and smiling with a vampire mommy! Is this why they have special powers? Who is Lorcan to them any how? I thought he had romantic feelings for Grace. How can that be?
At the risk of either being overconfident, arrogant, impudent, or some other word ending in ‘nt’, I’ll make a prediction about tomorrow’s results.
The downfall of self-publishing is that you no longer have the benefit of a publisher. This means that after you finish all of the writing, editing, and fine-tuning, you now have to do all of the marketing, promoting, advertising, selling, distributing, and all other –ings associated with book sales. This large amount of hard work involved normally means that it is hard to make money off of self-publishing. You may get to make more per book—since all profits go straight into your pocket instead of just small royalties—but normally you end up selling less books or spending all of your time marketing instead of writing.
4. "Stat Guess" which you should print off and have ready for the Saturday Afternoon Session when the statistics of the Church are given (from"Lady Create-a-lot"). See the link for your printable here.
The genocide of white South Africans is heating up.
BAD STUFF/CONCLUSION: It was an ok film while watching it, but it was a little confusing keeping track of the many unrelated characters, and we don’t know what the point of it all was. When done watching, it simply felt completely pointless. We thought it would wrap up better, but then it just seemed to kinda fizzle out at the end. Things keep going, but with a turn for the worse. Everyone keeps going with the shitty flow of their lives. This feels like the ending of the movie Wasted (2006) that we watched.
I know that it is the black and white thinker in me that wants a what if scenario to be answered in a certain way. This is something that perhaps God is trying to rid me of. But what if you really don’t know what to do? What if someone says they found God in a space the bible says you shouldn’t go? Can you find God there? Is it God if He isn’t leading you out? What do you do then, when you have been doing community so well that your lives are so intertwined that you feel complicit in it even when you aren’t (or am I, Do you see my dilemma)? I know it is against every prescriptive bone in all of y’alls bodies. But can someone please just tell me what to do?
Days ticked past quickly and we moved onto Manuel Antonio – a tourist hot spot and a must see for most people visiting Costa Rica. This national park has wildlife I didn’t dream of seeing. But dream of it or not, it was real, and in your face. And I mean…monkey’s stealing your apple cores in your face! For the love of God, please respect that they are wild animals and not meant to be pet, have their tail pulled or have a camera flash in their face. Turn off your flash and respect their space.
Who God is, where God is going, what God desires
I could eat this every single day.
Distress Ink/Blending Tool: Tim Holtz (antique linen)
He nods, then explains what that means to Beatrice.
Who Knows, and Message To Love are the band rehearsing and preparing for their 4 shows at the Filmore East, on December 31st/69 & January 1/70. Izabella features the same lineup, this time at work in the studio.
Philadelphia (CNN) – Ahead of Tuesday's Pennsylvania primary, presidential hopeful Ron Paul painted his long-shot campaign as a new American revolution at a rain-soaked event outside Independence Hall.
This is their original LP (released in 1981) with a bonus track "Beyond The Law".
Here's a very concise article regarding the dangers of gluten.
10. Konzept – Last Night (Special mix) (4:31)
"You'll fall like this. Arms and legs like this. AHHHHhhhhh....."
Manali Dalhousie tour is also worth for the people who are nature lovers. Spending your vacation in the pleasant atmosphere of the surroundings will offer you an opportunity to have some memorable moments for your life time. If you want to have your Dalhousie tour with comforts then go for Manali Dalhousie tour package. You will get pleased with the amazing services of these packages.
She came right into my arms as we shared a hug and yes it felt like I already knew her. Chris is warm, loving and has all the character traits that I cherish in a friend. You can see in her the love she radiates for her husband and children.
Mrblocko and Blockette liked it a lot, but they said that they wouldn't want to eat it every day. I thought the oatmeal could use more sugar, but "more sugar" and "morning" are not a good combination for me. I think I'm just used to the over sweetened pre-packaged Quaker version of oatmeal.
There are many ways to crop a photo and it all depends on the elements captured in that photo. Digital cameras are packed with larger and larger megapixel. When it comes to cropping, having a large megapixel camera (at least 10MP, in my opinion) helps in preserving those finer details. On the web, it may not look so obvious but comes to printing, it does make a difference.
Basically that’s my daily beauty essentials for my oily and sensitive skin. What’s yours? Share us your secrets here. It’s a girl talk anyway!
Jonathan Gottschall teaches English at Washington and Jefferson College and is the author The Storytelling Animal: How Stories Make Us Human, published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. His work has been featured in the New York Times Magazine, Scientific American, and the Chronicle of Higher Education, among others.
Metaphors may also be used in ways that introduce bias to mainstream news, but often go unnoticed because they are so engrained in the way that we speak. Otto Santa Ana discusses the ways in which language used by the media can create and maintain negative images of groups of people in his book “Brown Tide Rising.”
He also finally got to climb that tree he’s always wanted to try. I gave him a boost and he did the rest. Almost fearless but still careful.
one God, for ever and ever.
Here's what mine looks like -
· They believe they will execute judgment upon those who oppose them (up to and including death).
They just gave me blank stares. (Their Nana, on the other hand, thought this was hilarious!)
8x8 inches, oil on canvas by Ruth Andre
But the bitchiness I have experienced from her over the last two years means that I won’t feel bad. I can then move onto a new – hopefully happier – chapter of my life, in a job where I won’t be reminded of my past problems caused by alcohol on a daily basis nor have them used to belittle me and bring me down.
April in wind, April in rain.
Yeah, Mike Cameron.
We are too much persuaded that we are the solid ones, and the internet is the home of ephemerality.
“North. Camping trip.” Seth answered, unsure of the total truth in his words.
Monday, we headed West. We stopped in Rincon, Cabo Rojo, and Ponce. We headed back up from Ponce by late evening. It was another beautiful day! We had hoped to go to the beach in Cabo Rojo, but it got to be too late, so we had to postpone it. We did see two beautiful lighthouses and enjoyed the ocean views.
Though funny, it shows how sharp the young minds are and how meticulous the teacher should be.
This our hymn of grateful praise.
(4) check whether the actual or alleged contribution is actually technical in nature.
The matter was intensively reviewed, at high levels, inside the Carter Administration, with little progress. As yet, the Reagan Administration has not addressed the issue. In early May, the Administration did order the Libyan Government to shut down its offices in Washington, as part of the campaign against international terrorism. But it has not faced the broader problem -the export of American weaponry and expertise to terrorists.
This month is National Scrapbooking Month over at Let's Scrap and they have challenges the whole month long. I have only managed one so far and this is it!!! I just used the left side of the sketch and the pictures show Hadley and Dylan attacking Harrison, when we were trying to take photos. didn't get any "nice" ones, but we laugh at these!!!I used Fancy Pants Papers and the lettering is American Crafts Thickers.
Besides the reality of the "French of France" observance of jus soli, the law of naturalisation, rather than jus sanguinis. And besides the reality that there was no nation of France for at least 200-400 years (maybe more) after the patriarchs arrived in North America.
But does that mean all that I had given to everyone so far is not worth anything?
There are places that got hit pretty bad but if its any consolation, this earthquake is far from the one that hit central Luzon two decades ago in terms of damage. We’ve had some pretty bad natural calamities these past few years but Filipinos are hard to break. We persevere and endure – we even find humor in the direst of situation.
All you’ll say,
Jazz was introduced to Soviet audiences by Valentin Parnakh in the 1920s. Singer Leonid Uteosov and film score composer Isaak Dunayevsky helped its popularity, especially with the popular comedy movie Jolly Fellows that featured a jazz soundtrack. Eddie Rosner, Oleg Lundstrem and others contributed to Soviet jazz music.
Anna and T.J. are en route to join T.J.’s family in the Maldives when the pilot of their seaplane suffers a fatal heart attack and crash-lands in the Indian Ocean. Adrift in shark-infested waters, their life jackets keep them afloat until they make it to the shore of an uninhabited island. Now Anna and T.J. just want to survive and they must work together to obtain water, food, fire, and shelter. Their basic needs might be met but as the days turn to weeks, and then months, the castaways encounter plenty of other obstacles, including violent tropical storms, the many dangers lurking in the sea, and the possibility that T.J.’s cancer could return. As T.J. celebrates yet another birthday on the island, Anna begins to wonder if the biggest challenge of all might be living with a boy who is gradually becoming a man.
04. Preservation - The Kinks (1973/1974)
Don't get me wrong, it was an enjoyable chick-lit book. I think my expectations were really high going into it because Roberts has written so many other romance novels and thus must be an expert at it. It just didn't do it for me.
In Chapter 3 of BLUE HOTEL, after fucking schoolteacher Gill Sherry, hooker Alona Tal visits boozy screenwriter Holly Land's room, and invites her to have a drink at the sleazy hotel bar. Meanwhile, Alona's squeeze, drug dealing Begger Leck, travels to the Long Beach docks to pick up his 'latest shipment' ...
Shape into small round dumplings about 1.5”/4cm in diameter. If they seem too wet, add some of the reserved breadcrumbs or even a small bit of flour. If they’re too dry, add a bit of stock. Then simmer the dumplings gently in rich chicken stock (I flavor my stock with roasted garlic and cumin) until they float and are cooked through (about 10-15 minutes).
Minis
Fire Mountain's Oregon Pale Ale was infected and was inexcusably served anyway. I dumped it.
Walt – Thanks Bob. Call me, Walt Arnold at 256-1255, become a fan on Facebook, follow me on Twitter or visit my website waltarnold.com for current listings in the Abq area. Sperry Van Ness is a full service commercial real estate company helping Landlords and Tenants solve space and lease requirements, investors maximize their cash flow and rates of returns through investment in commercial properties and through our professional property management we help owners maximize cash flows and preserve assets. Hey Bob, happy first Monday of daylight savings time. I’ll talk to you next week.
In the column, Bradford details spill out, but with 21 verified FOI responses now in, the city remains firmly lodged at the top of our "greed index". The point is made. Now at last, says Booker, we may begin to understand how these "lords of the town halls" can afford to award themselves salaries which make them some of the highest paid people in Britain today.
I don’t have a lot of interaction with the support staff (mostly because I still can’t figure out what it is that they DO, exactly), and of the three other lawyuhs, there’s only one I regularly talk to. And even him I can go for days without seeing. Other than T-Bone, I’ve gotten four phone calls in the almost three months I’ve been there. And other than administrative BS and birthday/retirement/quinceanera/food-related announcements, I’ve gotten two substantive emails. TWO. And they were both replies to actual work-related issues I brought up. It's so bizarre. It’s like my office is some kind of timewarp/vacuum/CrissAngelMindFreak zone.
Clive: ‘I can’t say for sure that this is definite yet… but plans are being made, and April next year is being left open for a while. I really hope it does happen, because I’d love to get back to South America soon!’
I also wanted to show ya'll what I brought home last night! My mom is the founder of Spark Ministry, and last night they had a big fundraiser. Spark is an organization that plans mission trips for women just like you and me to travel to women's shelters and give the ladies in the program a weekend retreat. The weekends are filled with pampering, worship, great food, and lots of love! It was a great night last night and they raised alot of money for the upcoming year. These were the centerpieces...aren't they so pretty!
Below is the response of OMB's IP Czar Victoria Espinel to my signing a petition to Stop Online Piracy Act. Basically, the Administration wants to push ahead with legislation but has agreed with many of the concerns voiced by the public:
For your convenience, I have added links below from Durango & Silverton’s web site.
MOST BEAUTIFUL: This is a tough one to start with. I'm not sure that anything I write is "beautiful". Still, if anything comes close to it, I suspect it must be this: Moments in a Life Well-Lived - the eulogy I delivered at my Grandfather's funeral.
Approx. 15" high
And you wicked ones with your black and rotted
Mr. Huckabee - It will be a cold day in hell before I ever refer to myself as being Catholic.
Then Africa, then Asia, then South America . . .
Triffids Goodbye little boy AUS
Knight - A man-at-arms appears in the near future and serves the character for one month.
Maybe one day, you'll make light of it all and write a blog about it :)
We are taking kids (from the North) from grades 4-9 to summer camps in the center of the country. We do it to distance the kids from the inferno, and the growing trauma, to put a smile back on their faces, to give them an open space to run, and let them use their imagination and creativity. Also, no less important we want to give their parents a rest, some quiet and a little bit less to worry about. I also think that the father of a house when there is less on his shoulders and some of the overload is released it is more likely that he will stay in his city, and in his home. We are also helping pack food and generally to help the city.
Card Stock: Core'dinations
Anyway, we waffled with teaching Dante the pledge beforehand without the 1950s Cold War era addendum but decided against it, believing that this would be a form of indoctrination that we, as Atheist parents, are completely against when it comes to religion and the like. Let him learn and say the Pledge, whatever. It's not going to turn him into an evangelist sidewalk bible thumper. Hell, I played the "virgin" Mary in a Xmas pageant when I was a kid and I turned out ok. I also recited the pledge throughout my elementary years and was not scarred from it. (Incidentally, I now do not say or stand for the pledge because I understand it to be a load of bullshit and I don't "pledge allegiance" to any flag or country. My allegiance is with my family, so stuff it. But, as an adult, that is my choice and my right.)
Bass - Jerome Harris
To all the other writers out there (who ought to be working right now) I just want to say. It is OK. You read my mindless blatherings and I'll read yours - a kind of mutually supportive timewasting. (You know it makes sense)
Here's a close up of the gorgeous image....I don't think my colouring does it the justice it deserves though!
I also built two for my own garden. My tomatoes have some growing to do...
Hello and welcome to the gradual report. My name is Danny and I’m not wearing a shirt because it’s hot in my house. Yes, very hot. Today’s show comes from Sveter. She asks “Danny, do a show about flirt”. Okay, I will. First, you eat a bunch of bean and chi. I recommend burritos or any other Mexican food, then get some yellow or red curry. Alright, you mean flirt, not fart. That was almost dangerous.
My story goes something like this.
Ah, the joys of working with QuickBooks 2012 continue! Call me overeager, but each year I try and knock out my client 1099s as early in the New Year as possible. So today I decided to take a crack at using Intuit's eFiling service for 1099s and printing to plain paper.
Over the past several weeks, we have come up against some resistance in our apartment experience. It all started with a phone call made from our new apartment to Steven saying that our old apartment complex wouldn't release our information because we hadn't give our notice to vacate. When Steven called me to relay this information, I took it graciously. Oh wait, that was the "loving patient Jamie" that doesn't come out in situations like this. Instead, I flipped out and started telling Steven all the ways that this was NOT possible. He, of course understood my point, but it didn't change the manager's mind.
The song starts out:
"on occasion I would catch my reflection in a butter knife
Our Father God created us to be in relationship with Him. Not from a distance but in-person. Walking side by side with Him. This life we are living is a shadow of the life He created us for. Our bodies groan and cry out for the real life we were made for (Romans 8:23, 2 Corinthians 5:4).
Ma and I used to walk a lot back in the Philippines. I remember that when I was in grade five, my friends and I were fighting a lot. I was really depressed. The only thing that got me through it was walking with my mom. I really like walking. It’s a full body exercise, but you’re not stressed and sweaty. You look at the houses, the trees. Everything is moving past you.
Not for myself, necessarily. For all you grumpy, pissed-off, driving-like-idiots-on-speed, rude-ass people out there I have to deal with on a daily basis.
If you'd like to join us during the next IHSW it will be the 3rd full weekend in April. Click the link above for more information.
I’m exhausted
I did eventually calm down. Cried myself out. The PA, Jason, that was going to perform the puncture consented to allow Jimmy to stay in the room. They suited him up with a lead apron and a sterile mask and he got to sit at my head and stroke my hair and do everything in his power to keep me calm.
8) Lamps are freaking EVERYWHERE. They have no shortage of light in this city.
Yesterday afternoon, a bus from that same school was hit head-on by a car containing a family of four. The two children attended the same school. The family perished in the wreck, 31, 30, 9 and 6 gone in an instant. The car crossed the center line and speed was determined to be a factor in the wreck. I process that as a preventable death. Why was he speeding, what could have been so important to rush and why didn't they just leave 5 or 10 minutes earlier to avoid being so rushed? How come the parents weren't wearing their seat belts but their children were? The grieving team has been deployed to this school, again, fifteen days later.
I didn’t know of any reference to the wild man within their folklore, however, right before my book was published, I got word a Big Thicket Preserve ranger that people on the Reservation have been reporting the ape-like creature sightings to the ranger, who is an Indian. They were telling him about it.
Just as Jesus Himself was taken to the wilderness by the Holy Spirit to be tested and prepared for His calling, so, we too need to be prepared in the “wilderness” to enter into our calling as Jesus’ disciples and envoys of His Love,
and a great simplicity too.
Since I still wanted to volumize my hair without pulling my shoulders out by blowdrying it on my own with a round brush, I went for the next best thing: A curling iron.
And you know what's sad? I don't know that I miss it all that much. I think when I start to really miss it, I will make the time to create.... and the mojo will flow.
we couldn’t kiss
Have a great creative day!
Harvested from mature White Sturgeons,
Snowman – Hyena
Hello dear friends! How are you guys? Today I’m gonna talk to you about something more than Design.
I hope you get a chance to get inky soon, too. Pop by and link me up with your stamped creations!
What is more troubling might be who is not leading in home runs with Lehigh Valley and Reading. Domonic Brown was expected to be the next great power hitter coming up through the Phillies system . In 2010 he hit 20 homers in only 93 games combined with Reading and Lehigh Valley. So far this year he is yet to go deep with the IronPigs. At Reading who would have thought Jiwan James has become the leading power guy and last night was batting out of the five hole. Once upon a time Sebastian Valle was the great power hope in the organization behind the plate. In 2010 between Lakewood, the SAL playoffs and the Mexican Pacific winter league Valle hit 26 homers. Last year he hit only five homers for Clearwater and two in Mexican winter ball. So far this year Valle has hit only one homer for Reading hitting out of the clean up spot in the order.
On a different note, my vegetable garden is doing great for the most part. I'm having a hard time with the herbs but everything else seems to be doing OK. The Square Foot Garden is doing is doing amazingly well. I harvested the radishes yesterday, all 25 of them. I'm so happy with the turn out so far as I wasn't sure it was going to work. I am ready to replant that square but I don't know whether to transplant the cabbage I have been growing in a peat pot or whether I should plant something else and plant the cabbage when I harvest the pak choi.
Terrance Mann and Stephanie J Block were HANDS DOWN the best Thernardier's I have EVER seen. And mind you I've seen Les Mis eleventy billion times. I have not laughed so hard in the Master of The House scene as I did on Friday. Cameron Mack, let's get these two cast in those roles PRONTO. I'd pay good money to see that again.
I was already willing to settle for Romney once before back in 2008, but thanks to Huckabee we wound up getting stuck with McCain... so instead of a candidate with an iffy record and good salesmanship, we wound up getting one with an iffy record and no discernable desire to even win the election. Let's not do that one ever again, please.
Also, swing and a huge miss on your point about CEOs. Sorry, but the GOP is not protecting morons like the Gannet CEO. If
And the best thing… The result, which is so far out of my hands, doesn’t really matter too much. While it is great to land roles, get options on scripts, and receive checks… Just doing my absolute best, needs to be a celebrated moment.
"What about movies? What about Iron Man II?"
Why did you deceive me? (nevermore)
Nice happy fluff after the somber (but excellent) Columbine. Jane Hayes is an unlucky-in-love modern New Yorker whose wealthy great-aunt leaves her a trip of a lifetime in her will: a chance to visit Pembrook Park in England, a Regency retreat where she can adopt the customs of Austen's England and maybe find a handsome suitor of her own.
The card with Belle on the porch swing is called "Summer Days"
I saw this at a very low price on amazon (I think 0.99 or something like that) and I. Couldn't. Resist. Lately I've been enjoying mythological YA themed books, so of course I couldn't let this pass. And the first book I read by Maria V. Snyder was Touch of Power and I immediately fell in love with her writing. Poison Study has been on my wishlist for a long time, and I couldn't wait to read something else by the author.
Me too!!
Grubby eggs and the sweet bunny tag! We all know I love me some bunnies!
“In terms of absolute size, America imports almost $1 billion a day more than it exports from China every business day of the year.” That’s a massive outflow of our money and it is often for products that are lethal, ranging from adulterating vitamins and pharmaceuticals, food produced under unsanitary polluted conditions, and products that can burst into flame. This book should be read by every member of Congress, in the White House, and what is left of America’s industrial base. We must disengage from China before there is only a hollowed out America with millions of unemployed citizens.
Apparently satisfied with his stepson’s reaction, Mike held the door open for Damien and his mom to enter the terminal first. “After you, Damien Heston,” he said. “Our chariot awaits.”
YES: 95 Democrats and 174 Republicans
touched and felt
There is no effort to amend State constitutions to make it legal to stone women to death on their wedding night, if they’re not virgins. At least not yet. We don’t know where the GOP is going these days.
Britain has been forced to look after the ­Algerian for more than a ­decade because he cannot be sent home to face the death penalty.
Six investigations from Capece in his first solo recording (hard to believe, but apparently true). I do often think of Capece as an investigator, someone who, with great seriousness, plumbs his arsenal relentlessly, searching out previously undiscovered aspects and, importantly, framing them within a compelling, absorbing context. He certainly does so here.
In case you’re wondering, yes, this goes out to some of the the guys I know, we tend to disagree on many things. I stopped believing in playing relationships and dating games. Like many of the women that I know, I’m very upfront, my memory is pretty awesome and I tend not to forget things that easily, it’s those Omega 369 I tell you. They say they’re good for the brain, perhaps that’s why my memory remains in tact.
Should you be like girls, you should enjoy your appear and feel involving legitimate replica monogram empreinte. The addition as being a Luis Vuitton is a marvellous supplement for a closet. It can be the unique indicator involving class, cultural reputation along with identification. In fact, Louis Vuitton will be the double in the makes inside manner sector. For the majority of girls, a new Louis Vuitton is not only just a new ladies handbag, it does not take supreme manner affirmation and yes it presents a new aspiration becoming reality.
Beset by accidents and deadly creatures from which not even Lady Zel can save her, Nell flees into the ‘weald’. But in a world where evil witches siphon the life from children, runaway urchins make for easy prey. Caught in a power struggle between sorceresses, kings, and sinister forces, Nell's only hope for survival is to master the secrets of the Wealding Word.
I know I've made this sound like it was pretty easy. That's because it was. lol. This piece was pretty basic, no intricate designs - so the sanding was pretty straight forward.
I have another confession. I can’t bear to hear a person feel so defeated and out of the game of life because they believe they are living under the curse of “the sins of the father.”
1 anyplace
Anche il banner nell'angolo in alto è tagliato con una die Whiff of Joy usando i piccoli ritagli di carta.
The Ministry of Interior has a symbolic importance in the ongoing political crisis that engulfed the country as the last American troops were withdrawing a little more than a week ago. The crisis began when a spokesman for the ministry, which is controlled by Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki, publicly accused the country’s Sunni vice-president, Tariq al-Hashimi, of running a death squad.
The British author Rudyard Kipling (1865–1936) won the Nobel Prize in Literature for his poetry, but he is probably best remembered for The Jungle Book, which features several big cat characters, such as the panther Bagheera and the fierce tiger Shere Khan.
A very busy weekend - I had a seemingly endless list of things to do which normally I would tackle head on with gusto, but somehow this weekend, I approached with a sense of dread. I blame the gusty winds and their positive ions, it made me feel rather emotional and stressed. Luckily I was clever enough to know I had to squeeze in some 'me' time in between chores to maintain my sanity.
We have been very effective in Afghanistan. We have a potent force in the Apache attack helicopters. We are up against intelligent and capable enemies, whether in Afghanistan or Iraq, and we know that they will continue to look for ways to attack land-based vehicles or air-based platforms. We have a lot of measures in place. The hon. Lady will understand that it is not appropriate to discuss all the detail, but where we identify a threat - be it a new or technological threat - we identify a quick way to deal with it. Sometimes that takes time as we come to understand the threat before developing the technical response. Our focus at all times is the protection of our personnel, whether it involves fixed-wing aircraft, helicopters, land-based systems or maritime systems.It is thus not as if our fears and concerns were not known in parliament at the time, but as Ann Winterton constantly brought them up in the House, they were just as constantly ignored. Had they been noted and addressed earlier, many lives could have been saved. Why then, we ask, is it only now that we are seeing "a precise and shocking exposé" from the Defence Committee, and one which still seems incapable of getting to grips with some of the detail?
It has been a whirlwind week this week. Friday I thought I’d finally found some peace, but I was turned upside down when I had to leave a great workshop to return to work because my substitute teacher cancelled on me the night before. To further give me a spin, my day ended with a phonecall from my mom, telling me that a great uncle had died and the wake was — happening as we spoke.
DAY 21: Call grandparents and sing Jingle Bells
Anyway, I am going to get off my high horse now… I don’t know why I felt like ranting. So sorry guys! Ooops.
I see a calm in the center of the storm
Serge Prokofiev: Sinfonia Concertante, op.125
Level 29: Mastery: +70%, Weapon ATT: +29, Minimum Critical Damage: +15%.
Bachelors Degree Desired
Once a beach has been replenished it must receive regular infusions of sand if it is to survive the assaults that diminished it in the first place. Dr. Houston said communities should look on this as a normal part of maintaining their infrastructure.
Flymalter, a hopfarm boy with heroic aspirations who looks much
forced to live out everyday again and again and again.
I'd love to hear if you try this! :)
Everybody likes to be the voice of opposition. We all want to be different. It just sounds so damn cool to be the guy who thinks the number one guy (Luck) sucks, and the number two guy (Griffin) is really better, but has gone unappreciated (I am being sarcastic with this statement). We have all basically become the sports-equivalent of hipsters with thick-rimmed black glasses, and t-shirts with cartoon characters on them. We all want to be just a little bit different.
From the bottom of my heart I'd like to say thank you to a fellow Malaysian Blogger zulkbo for promoting my humble blog in his posting today. I am touched and grateful for the honour. May Allah bless you and your family with baraqah and hidayah always and repay your kindness towards me.
- Stand By Me. This movie, made from Stephen king's novella The Body, quite possibly ties for best adaptation.
Dear FIFA
As I'm driving up to the window, I am thinking about that darn penny.
So maybe I actually made this particular counterattack up….
09-Victim
At the funeral they had balloons for all the grandkids and great-grandkids to release in the air. It was a beautiful sight to such a sad day....
Tea.
CJ also has a long tail. Articles I’ve published two years ago are still being read and have, over the months, accumulated hundreds of thousands of page-views cumulatively. When speaking about affecting the political landscape, it’s important to think of what that actually means.
This is the first question that springs to many people’s minds, as most would rather not believe that brain-damaging food additives are allowed on the market. The truth of the matter is the FDA rejected aspartame not once but multiple times. The scientific data just did not support it as a safe product. But the FDA is a federal agency subject to the political winds, and the people in charge of the agency have repeatedly and notoriously been accused of many conflicts of interest, both economically and ethically.
You can also view it one page at a time or two pages at a time like in the pictures shown below:
A few weeks ago, the Wall Street Journal ran a feature ("High school, only shorter") on the handful of states that now give scholarships to students who complete high school early. If it takes you three years instead of four, the state is saving cash. So why not split that bounty, and give a small scholarship to be used to start college? Indiana, Minnesota, Utah, South Dakota and Idaho all have programs that create an incentive for kids to start college early.
This is a big month for self reflection and truth telling. What are you committing to unconsciously? Is it what you want? Tell the truth. There is tremendous personal growth possible this month as it supports growing up and taking personal and full responsibility for your life. If you do this you will be of great service to the planet as an example. If everyone were to do this, how the planet would change. It is already happening but we can all help by doing our part and becoming fully responsible. It starts with reviewing your commitments. If you do the work, you should find yourself greatly inspired by a sense of power and the relief that comes from truth and clarity.
In his introduction, Litfin explains how one is considered a church father: he/she must be “ancient, orthodox in doctrine, holy in life, and approved by other Christians” (p. 19). He then highlights three common misconceptions evangelicals have about these giants of the faith: 1) the church fathers were not biblical; 2) the church fathers were Roman Catholics; and 3) the church fathers represent the “fall” of Christianity (pp. 20-27). Perhaps the second is the most widely held misconception. Unfortunately, evangelicals have equated “catholic” with “Roman Catholic” and have thus been robbed of their rightful spiritual heritage (p. 22). “Catholic,” as it relates to the fathers, writes Litfin, “referred to the unified community of all true believers in the world: those whose loyalty was given to the risen Christ” (p. 23).
"Aiden, this is your grandma."
22 August – 21 September – Brown Bear – Harvesting Time.
Dexter Johnson: 1st sax
Him: I'm never answering these kind of questions again.
This recipe has a lot of spices that you may not already have. There is an Indian spice called Garam Masala that contains Cinnamon, Cardamom, cloves, and other Indian spices. You could probably buy the one spice to avoid buying many of the ones listed above.
But I will leave you with a further selection of William Wood’s wonderful illustrations:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. I use a roasting pan with a rack but you can also use a regular roasting pan. Rinse turkey with cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Rub all over with spice rub, including inside the cavity. Quarter 1 lemon, squeeze juice over the turkey. Quarter 1/2 an onion and place both onion and lemon wedges in the cavity and the bottom of the pan. Add about 1 cup of chicken stock to the bottom of the pan and add more as necessary to baste while cooking. I cook the turkey breast side down on the rack because I think it results in a juicier turkey, albeit, slightly less pretty but I don't carve it at the table anyway. Cook according to package directions, approximately 15 minutes per pound, basting approximately every 30 minutes. Use a meat thermometer to ensure turkey is cooked to 170 degrees. If skin starts to become too brown, cover with a sheet of foil. Once the temperature is reached, cover with foil and let rest about 15 minutes before carving.
I used papers from Pebbles for the layout.... cut them into some circles in some different sizes and layered them...
Her father sat on a long sofa of red velvet, a glass of merlot in his hand. His dark skin mingled with his pale purple eyes. His black hair, with a few streaks of gray, was fastened at his neck in a queue. He wore white pants, a white blouse, and a jeweled belt. She’d never seen any man so handsome.
I mean the real deal $100 plus running shoes. I recommend you visit a true running store where someone can analize your gate and foot. A great pair of running shoes are expensive for a reason. Don't think you can save your self $50 or $60 and you won't notice the difference. You will. And you have to get running shoes, not crosstrainers, not aerobic and not tennis shoes. Personally I like the Ascis Gel Nimbus.
WG: How many people does your company employ?
Ana’s Subconscious
*The first and most general thing I'll say is that this franchise is impressively cohesive, with a tight narrative continuity and a distinct, consistent visual style. The elements that repeat from movie to movie and the patterns that emerge coalesce into the building-blocks and contours of a compelling storyverse. And the way the final movie brings everything full-circle (not only with Dr. Gordon and the bathroom set, but even just letting us see the "reverse bear-trap" actually work for once) draws the seven Saws together as one grand long-form serial story in a way I don't think any other horror franchise has achieved or maybe even attempted.
If you do open up to someone and they respond negatively or are judgmental, open up to someone else and don't be upset with the person who didn't know what to say or how to help. While some may know intuitively and others may have learned, most of us weren't raised or trained to know what the "right things" to say are in the face of suicide. It isn't that we don't care, we simply don't know how to help. People who can help include:
Cline had no good reason for desiring the information: the prison department spokesperson Curliss, "Why the DA's office is interested in whether Kidwell is seeing his pre-approved visitors, I have no earthly idea. It's our own internal policy, so it's ours to police."
I answer her, “Yes, but I’m thinking of selling a couple of them.”
Finally, grill the pork. Heat your grill to a high temperature at first and get a good sear on the outside of the pork on both sides. Turn down the temperature to medium and cook until the meat reaches your desired internal temperature. The pork should reach 160 degrees before serving. Take the pork off the grill and allow to rest at least 5 minutes before cutting. Slice the pork into thin medallions for serving.
All in all, I would say the cake is a must try and the book is a decent read if you are in the mood for something a little more heavy and seedy.
FERNANDA MONTENEGRO (Central Station)
Elle Page is a Senior Consultant and Executive Coach with CI International. She specializes in enhancing team effectiveness, communication training, executive coaching, and consultation for organizational change and team improvement. At the heart of her work are the enhancement of individual, team and organizational effectiveness.
Avery loves throwing things. She gets in trouble for it pretty much every day now.
250ml milk
So the grandkids and Karen are in the backyard, hanging out. I'm not paying attention to exposure or the rule of thirds or the background or much of anything. Just a summer day. Oh yes...the background.
2. Changing dirty diapers
Sometimes, you really tend to forget what you have. You neglect to appreciate even simple blessings you receive. Instead, you look for something you don’t have, until you realize that you lose what you used to have and because you never understood it’s true value. You keep on looking for another stones when you already have diamonds in your hands. You are never happy, because you are not contented.
One of their stupid regulations for being able to send the packet back is that you should control it for damage when it is delivered. So you should open it in presence of the postman and check every product in the pack if it is not damaged or working properly. can you imagine if every deliverer should have to wait by every customer until he or she has checked the whole packet?
Judy’s success has led to a busy few years with many projects and exhibitions to organise, as well as keeping her business ticking over. But why is she doing everything on her own? She could have interns but she said but it’s hard to know whether there what she’s looking for or even whether they’ll get on. She’s really not keen on working alongside other fashion designers either because when they’re using the same inspirations they can start to come up with very similar ideas and Judy loves her creations to be unique.
Her dreams haven’t materialized as she had imagined, but Brenda has found that God has a much bigger plan for her. Conversational and candid, One Call Away invites readers facing their own difficulties to trust God and discover hope in the future.
Being a Mum today is hard enough. Let's cut ourselves some slack and be there for the highs and the lows.
He also has a special vehicle called a Whirry Bang, designed by Hamish himself which can be a little unreliable at times.
Sentiment from the Humphreys Corner Christmas Joy set.
A dominant force in rock music for more than four decades, YES has created some of rock’s most enduring and compelling hits, selling more than 30 million albums worldwide. The group has defined music history with their dynamic instrumental contrasts and abstract lyrics. Their symphonic use of sound and innovative musical styles continues to make them the most successful progressive rock band in history and their amazing career continues to defy many of their rock counterparts.
I know my posts have been a bit too sporadic in the past few months. This time I have no reasons... I don't know what's been keeping me from crafting. Busy, yes, but not sooo busy that I can't craft. Anyway, here is what I have to share with you today:
A woman like me has to admit, even if my life for the past decade had been all puppy dogs and roses, the wanderer and bohemian in me would have started nagging in an increasingly louder voice inside my brain for something different, for a change. I know myself too well to blame it solely on circumstance. Instead of trying to fight that part of my personality, I have just accepted it. What a damn relief. I have to keep moving, and that doesn't mean blowing apart everything that is good right along with the bad. It means allowing yourself continuous evolvement without guilt.
The A Side:
What that opinion says to me, is that some children have the right to choose, the right to live in a way that nurtures freedom, and some? Some don't. I believe that freedom, on both an individual and community level, is a fundamental right for every person and community. So deciding that some children deserve to be given as much freedom as possible, yet some don't, just really doesn't sit right with me.
Here in Sitges, the honeycomb matrices of niches made a really interesting sight, with ladders littered all over the place, and decorated with very bright (but mostly artificial) flowers. A peaceful place to come and connect with those who have passed on.
Copyright: Law firms Sued for Submitting Prior Art to the USPTO
3. The kingdom of God is in a mystery form during this present church age (Mat. 13:10-11).
“What once drew so many people to Edwards and to Gingrich? Both men had an exaggerated and infectious certainty about them. … It is the kind of thing that assuages a voter’s anxieties.
Life With No Limits: Bedtimes, Media and Food Freedom
He had merely pointed out that there had been no private investment in nuclear since the Three Mile Island nuclear accident in America in 1979.
Que sera, sera!!
When you tire of this vibrant color, it can easily be switched out in this room- the pillows, art, lamp shade and flowers can be traded out for several other colors. This space has a very versatile color palette and allows so many other choices in the future. I love that the walls, seating and area rug are very neutral and light, allowing the gold and magenta to take center stage! The black detail in the armchair, bench and coffee table ground the space so well. The small touch of chrome in the end table makes the space feel sleek and stylish, while the subtle details of stripes in the area rug and zebra on the bench add texture and interest. Overall, this space works!
Fixing her eyes on the skull, her expression suddenly became vacant. “The way is clear,” she murmured in what Dylan recognized was Italian, then again several times in various other languages. He overcame his fear and approached. With an awestruck expression, he gazed into the bag to see Aislinn’s hands merged with the glowing skull. A ribbon of light emerged from the eye sockets and spiraled to the ceiling. Continuing her recital in strange tongues, as though making an announcement to a distant audience, he watched the other talismans shimmer with almost dazzling intensity.
IN HONOR OF TAX TIME: UNDERSTANDING YOUR MONEY CODE
The waterworks dates to 1801, when it was the first major urban water utility in the country. Early steam engines drove pumps that lifted water from the river to a reservoir at Faire Mount, now the site of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, from which point it was gravity-fed to the entire city.
So what kind of a difference did all of the work make? And how much time? I believe the whole cabinet project took us a week from beginning to end, since we waited for everything to dry well between coats, and did it on the weekends and evenings.
"The high priests brought many charges against him Pilatus again questioned him, saying, "Have you no answers? Look how much you are accused of." But Jesus still said nothing.
They show him Katya's letter. He claims ignorance to the handwriting and to its author, saying the only Russian woman he's ever had close contact with was an "old cow in Aurora" who tries to sell him some Russian paintings. They then make Barley read the letter out loud, and he does.
Of course, sometimes the colour instead of the ideas behind the colour can become a loaded-baggage like someone being branded “green“, which is why Kevin Roberts has suggested changing from Green to True Blue.
It has literally has come down to tackling one room, one cupboard, or one closet at at time. Here is a little glimpse of how things have been looking.
The Barefoot Contessa, or Ina Garten, is a superb everyday chef. I use her recipes when I have guests or for a simple supper, since they always work out well. The recipe below is a variation of her Vegetable Tian. I wanted to make it basically vegan (you can add Romano, but it is fine with just breadcrumbs), and with ingredients we readily have in the Spring and Summer
I've been reading The Far Pavilions which is set in 19th century India and they travel for weeks through hot lands. I've seen lots of information on early explorers of Austrailia, they rode camel or horses through this arid place, taking much longer than our three days so far. And Mrs Nesbit, your story of riding 500miles in one day to catch the ferry inspired me. Today Jeremy drove us over 500km. We decided to just push on and on and it was fine. It even stopped being boring once we crossed the border into the Northern Territory. We made up a whole day and tomorrow we will see Uluru which is very exciting. Alice Springs is back on the itinerary and I've told myself to stop whinging.
I don't know if I will ever see it. The book was so tragically sad, that I don't know if I can handle two hours of reliving it on film.
We set out our stall very early on, we are not racist, we don’t like Nazis, we don’t want Nazis joining our demos. We embrace patriotism as something that transcends race, religion, creed and colour. A love for our country is not a crime, a love for freedom is not a crime, but a need for security and the removal of those who pose a threat is just common sense....... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkKmzNpUBM4
Heavy eyes fall,
But this isn’t about romanticizing the ocean as an image of falling in love. This is about trying to make sense of falling in and out of love.
Chapter 19: Rule Breakers
This layout was created using the Main Kit and Embellishment Add On as well as more of the yellow packing from the Prima flowers.
stops. Tripeo's fist bangs into Art's head and wakes him
“Great, you guys should come together”, said Dada with the voice that just couldn’t contain the happiness of having thought of a idea that supposedly seemed brilliant to him.
black magic
The hair stood up on the back of Genna’s neck, and a shiver ran down her arms as she realized what was going on. Taking a step back, she bumped into another person. The coffee guy, whose breath was hot on her neck.
There is much hilarity in Street Trash, which is largely supplied by the lower tier hobos that populate this dingy world, especially M. D'Jango Krunch, Clarence Jarmon, and Benard Perlman. Nevertheless, I thought James Lorinz (Frankenhooker) pretty much stole the show (comedy-wise), as the clueless doorman who doesn't seem to realize that ratting out your mob employer to the police can lead to some disagreeable consequences.
1. It’s 2 ounces heavier than the Walther P22 which decreases kickback
Get those mustaches, knickers, and monocles ready! If there are new folks joining which there are, here are some photos of other city Tweed Rides to show you how folks are dressing:
All in all, I really like both of these concealers, they easily compete with much more expensive versions and give full, lasting coverage. Overall though, contrary to the rest of the internet, I prefer the 17 one, it just blends much better with my skin and I can often see the Collection 2000 one sitting on my skin a little, which I’m not really a fan of.
Yoochun tried to make Junsu comfortable with him. He ask to vampire elder how to make a vampire like him not so often drink human blood.
Can anything be done about it?
loving it.
Late Fall, Po begins to buy a Kay bass guitar from Trey Darby on a payment plan. Mooky buys a guitar and an amp. In December they begin playing with BM and The Toy in an unheated shed in BM's backyard. The inside walls are covered with old, hippy-ish paintings from kids of the previous owners of the house. The Toy uses pots, pans, a Sprite bottle, and his motorcycle helmet as a drum kit.
Rossetti. There is a significant passage in ‘Et in Arcadia Ego’- a poem which begins “I have no wish to eat forbidden fruit” – where the strategy of Classical reference seems to encode more worldly sexual temptations :
The original owner has some really cute photos here, so here's the link so I can find it again!
Each component of the project, each layer, each person who creates, supports, facilitates, and helps is doing so for the benefit of our children. We are so grateful that the child is valued and cherished in our society, as our future is in their hands.
Whitman started a tradition of having his temporary residents submit their "biographies." Mercer describes it as "an archive of sociological wonders . . . a vast survey of the great drifters of the past forty years." I wonder if the best bits will be compiled into a book someday? Although Whitman's daughter now runs the store, a bit of his biography is still posted outside the store -- almost like a manifesto.
The news of Bruce's death arrived with us after the Spring 2012 issue of Eagle Times went to press. The issue includes an article by Jeremy Briggs on Bruce's cutaway drawings. We will be including an obituary in our Summer issue.
But he also took aim at those, mostly Democrats but a growing number of conservatives, who no longer see a clear purpose to America’s longest war and “will ask why we don’t leave immediately.”
This Chicago born playwright and, Gordon Brown appointed. Deputy chairman of the British Museum, who has lived in England since the 1980's but speaks with voice resonating in mint juleps and Acacia blossom, in the apparent belief that an Antebellum note might give her the credibility of a Maya Angelou, whilst at the same time evoking images of slavery, is as fake as is her accent.
Also, there will be 21 balls of Studio Donegal Kilcarra Aran Tween coming available… free to a good home (see WIPDown above)!
And so this concluded one of my final projects of my second year at university. Although I’m sure i’ll be keeping myself busy over the summer with various other projects I’ll be challenging myself to do. This was probably the most fun I’ve had whilst working on something at university. Just because you were so free to experiment and push your ideas far.
Trees were planted, weeds cleared away where absolutely necessary, beds watered, beds prepared, all these people involved in their own space, with the sun and the smells shining on.
So I feel like a monster sized turd right now. I’ve gotten very little accomplished today and the outlook for the handful of hours left, well…that’s looking just as grim. I think it’s necessary though, to feel like a mega-huge pile of dump every once in a while. It builds character. It lets you know that, this, what I’m doing today, is not an acceptable form of behavior, that if I were to continue down this path of idle apathy, I might actually turn into a non-metaphorical piece of actual shit.
And the queen took a trip with the czar.
Paper - Dotty for You, White Daisy cardstock
While sitting at your desk make clockwise circles with your right foot. (go ahead no one will see you) While doing this, draw the number “6<U+2033> in the air with your right hand.
Fiction, Ages 4-8
Q: What is special in 2012?
Would you come over already? I want to sit on the patio with a cool beverage. And play Catch Phrase. And grill out. Fine…no games. But we’re grilling.
Adding to the surreal experience was the reason Harvey was showing that particular film that day. He’d invited the former Betty Marsh, since divorced from John and remarried, to see her one starring movie. As it turned out, she hadn’t seen it herself since about 1956 — there was no way she could have. So as strange as it was for me to be sitting next to a 60-ish woman watching her younger self and ex-husband on holiday, for her it must have been an overwhelming, time-tripping experience. She certainly marveled at what she saw.
3 Patterned Patterned
First up is Company of Heroes 2. The original Company of Heroes was released in 2006 and was brilliant, easily the finest RTS released since StarCraft (a position it retained in the face of the latter's good-but-unoriginal sequel). Two so-so expansion packs followed, but it was the game's fiercely engaging multiplayer and its ridiculously inventive mod scene that really made it a success. Eastern Front, in particular, was an amazing mod that allowed players to play as the Russians.
Thomas Merton (1915 – 1968)
Beyond the central characters - and this is one of The Last Picture Show's great strengths - Bogdanovich is able to balance his attention on a considerable number of peripheral figures, important people in the town that play into Sonny, Duane, and Jacy's stories. Sonny starts up an initially skeptical May-December affair with his football coach's wife Ruth Popper (Cloris Leachman), whose marital neglect may be the "sickness" she diagnoses herself with to Sonny. But one can sense his palpable desire to be with someone his age even when her supposed sickness vanishes from romantic ecstasy, and his sexual angst is clear whenever he stops in at the diner to speak to Genevieve (Eileen Brennan), the confident waitress. Jacy abandons Duane at the town's holiday dance to attend a nude indoor swimming party at the mansion of Bobby Sheen (Gary Brockette) - a sequence that is heart-stopping in its judicious back-and-forth of wordless glances - who seduces her with his forthright sexual taunts but ultimately denies her because she's a virgin. Being the schemer she is, her plan is to sleep with Duane so that she can subsequently woo Bobby, but when Duane loses confidence and Bobby finds a more experienced girl she resorts to her mother's lover (Clu Gulager), who defiles her swiftly in the shadowy pool hall in the film's most riveting scene.
Radiation levels taken just before the UFO appeared read 3,000 milliroentgens/hour, and after the rays the readings showed 800 milliroentgens/hour. Apparently the UFO had brought down the radiation level.
Coffee was good, but perhaps more enticing was the selection of cakes on display. All the usual favourites, plus a Bara Brith, showing we were getting closer to Wales than we had so far on our travels around the Cathedral towns. We opted for an Orange Sponge to go with the cappuccino and this set us off nicely for the day…
As the coffee-shop conversation progressed, Obama turned the tables and started interviewing Kellman. He wanted to make sure that the Developing Communities Project was legitimate and serious. This wasn’t some far-left enterprise, was it? He had moved beyond that, he said. Obama turned his questioning to Chicago and what this disheveled white man could teach him. Kellman wondered what Obama knew about Chicago. Not much. Hog butcher for the world, Obama said, reciting the famous Carl Sandburg line. Not anymore—the stockyards had closed, Kellman responded. Obama mentioned the Cubs, perennial losers, and Harold Washington, the town’s new winner. He pressed Kellman for more observations about the city and the South Side neighborhoods, what was happening with the steel mills, the decline of factory work, the fraying of families and communities. The more they talked, the more it became obvious to Kellman that Obama was his man.
As always, I’ll give it to y'all straight. Despite the enticing synopsis describing Cold Fury as Jason Bourne meets The Sopranos, this book ain’t all that and a bag of chips. In actuality, it’s just a bag of chips—the kind that appears to be stuffed with yummy goodness, but once opened reveals itself to be filled with a whole lot of air…not to mention false promise & crushing disappointment. That’s not to say that Cold Fury didn’t have some goodness inside of it because it did, but there was just not enough of that goodness to offset the book’s multiple missteps & shortcomings and to make it a satisfying read.
Oh geez, I just typed the recipe from memory. I’m seriously head-over-heels in love.
2 fewer
Is there a needy family that could use an anonymous gift of food left on their door step? If you don’t know of anyone, you could always contribute to your church or community food bank. Is there an elderly person who has recently lost their spouse and would love some company and maybe even lunch at McDonald’s?
The huge pocket is my favorite thing about this apron. It's ginormous! And the fact that it's cocked to one side to look like a diamond gives it a nice playful look.
PROS: Fairly trim; very well made; leg gussets help keep "stuff" inside the diaper *wink*; the two sizes cover a huge weight range, eliminating the need for special newborn covers (unless your baby is really tiny). and they come in a ton of cute colors and prints, which is totally unimportant but undeniably fun!
If I'm not mistaken, there was money on the line.
After each amazing science experiment is performed on the DVD - many of which look like magic tricks - a thorough scientific explanation is given as to why the experiment works. Since the children are dying to know why that "trick" worked, they are really paying attention and learning. They couldn't wait to do the experiments over and over again to amaze their dad and their friends.
Since this is a relatively new brewing practice not many breweries are producing gluten free beer nor is it perfected as brewing with barley has been over thousands of years. There are a few viable options out there that I would like to share with the beer drinking community as a whole.
Never thought I’d ever miss living in Wagga, well apart from the fun times that were had and the awesome people who I miss and the divine baked goods at Bernard’s stall “So French, So Fresh”. If you visit, buy lots of pastries, try them all! So reading this made me smile…
You can also guess which one I loved best.
One small group played Sight Word Bingo.
I do believe, I do indeed-!
Gentlemen finding their own Broady can be accommodated.
*Scholastic responds to vociferous "Wha?"
Conclusion – Canada loves hockey AND Cheddar cheese.
Nick’s issue with the show also popped up with the Mars episode. In the episode the kids fly all the way to Mars and land at the base of Olympus Mons and then spend the majority of the episode climbing the mountain by foot while Rocket changes shape and drives up next to them. This is where Nick lost it.
Today I am here to share with you my take on the Clean and Simple Stamping sketch for this week....
But airline representatives are frustrated with that metric because it averages wait times at 23 airports, when the longest lines tend to occur at major international gateways like New York, Newark, Miami and Los Angeles. The agency’s average also does not capture the fact that maximum waiting times can exceed an hour at busy times of the day, with far shorter lines when few international flights land.
appearance the whole piece has. Size: 2.5" X 3.5"
It was Thanksgiving this past weekend up here in Canada. My American neighbours to the south have theirs towards the end of November, so there will be a flurry of Thanksgiving posts from them in a bit more than a month. The MoS and I had a turkey dinner, with all the fixings, all by ourselves. It was very scrumptious, if I do say so myself!
"Although she hasn't thought it through comprehensively, Casey Summerfield has had enough of her fiercely independent mother and her cheating boyfriend so she decides to run away. The one thing she hasn't factored into her plan is being knocked unconscious by a bus and waking up in her teenaged mother's bedroom in 1979.
I know I probably won't be popular in this article, calling sex outside of marriage a sin. And I know there are many, many people hurting out there because of their sexual choices over the years. The good news is that God is bigger than our choices, and Jesus' blood covers our sins. His grace is available. There is hope. And life. And joy. From this moment on, all of us can choose to follow after Jesus, even if it means saying no to our desires.
He sounds like he has flipped his lid. Even the most extreme IPCC prediction goes nowhere near that.
Lost in my hypocrisy. Dead in my transgressions and sins. Headed for a tragic eternity. And I had no idea–I was blind to that inevitable end.
That’s when I threw in my shovel and scrambled after her. I hurriedly mixed a fresh drink of Mango Lassi, hoping to distract her before she took it upon herself to shed light on any more cupboards and closets.
I applied for a new job that I would have been qualified for but didn't get
Alas, I couldn't find an image of a bottle of Marmite ANYWHERE, so, completely BY RANDOM, I found this action-packed image by one of my favourite comic heroes, Frank Miller. I've NO IDEA what it is about, but I'm sure it's an intelligent, thoughtful and non-bigotted and even-handed debate about the so-called 'clash of civilization' we've been hearing so much about since, oh, September 2001.
"Love is the only logical act."
These are the pencils and stumps I used on the monsters. I just got a pile of the more grey toned stumps that are stamped China instead of Taiwan. I've read people saying one is far better than the other, but to be honest, I can't tell a bit of difference. I'm pretty sure that if you browse through my blog of images, you can't tell the difference either. They feel the same to me and the results are identical.
Maurice Gartshore
I’ll be presenting a couple of times over the next few days but the one I enjoy the most is when I get to talk and share with other social studies teachers. Great conversations always break out about content and instructional strategies. This year I’m focusing on how 21st century skills, the Common Core, and technology can engage kids and improve learning.
The biggest gripe with the ending was how player choices didn’t matter at all, we didn’t get the varied endings based on how we played the games like we should have, and the endings themselves make no sense whatsoever. I can forgive player choices not being taken into account in the game such as saving or killing the Rachni Queen from the first Mass Effect or deciding to destroy or preserve the genophage cure from Mass Effect 2. I can even forgive not having 16 or more multiple endings in the same style as Dragon Age Origins. It could be budget reasons or time constraints, but the idea of having so many different endings to see at each different playthrough would have been insanely awesome. What I can’t forgive is the glaring plot holes in the game. Those are really hard to ignore. The ending does leave more questions rather than answers and closure. And for a game that has been labeled as the conclusion to Commander Shepard’s story in the Mass Effect universe, leaving more questions unanswered and lacking any real definitive sense of the end for a character you have loved for an entire series is sloppy and poor writing.
There are even rumours of a British PR person who has photos on the walls of his private office of famous people caught in flagrante.
The Girl Who Fell From the Sky by Heidi W. Durrow. Chosen by Barbara Kingsolver for the Bellwether Prize for Fiction, "Durrow's powerful novel is poised to find a place among classic stories of the American experience." --Miami Herald. A Washington Post Best Novel of 2010!
It's a lively, hoppy beer. A tad bit sour in the taste (yeast at work?). Astringently lemony grapefruit hop zested flavour on the tongue.
Downtown After Five lowdown
8. Relax your arms down to shoulder height, gently. They will be extended sideways, palms down. You will feel the movement of the tiny cords as they respond to your energy.
Leaving No Stone Unturned: Tips and Tricks for Funding Your SRTS Program
Morning peeps hope you are all well, my cold has just started to go to my chest so I'm coughing and spluttering, always happens when we are rushed and busy at work, talking of which I have got to go in to work today so I'd better get my skates on.....lol.
Refer does not rhyme with deafer.
Should be fine.
Roberts, Michael “Boat People as Blanket Categories,” www.thuppahi.wordpress.com, 20 April 2010.
First off, please do not be fooled by the blog title, my Spanish-speaking abilities are absolutely horrendous. Probably should have reviewed Spanish for Dummies prior to coming here.
A patsy, Newt is the smartest kid in the school who no one wants on their team. In essence, he has abandoned Republican issues in his quest for the presidency and forgotten that he is a Republican who is expected to oppose Obamacare, avoid talking nonsense about the environment, and not adopt the rest of the liberal agenda.
1 common
Did it work?
But now his eyes are drooping with fatigue.
12. Spike
I wish I could say my cat-like reflexes saved me, but alas, they did not. He lost control and came firing straight at me like a missile. We fell down hard.
1 claimed
but of course...this fun journey would not have been possible without the King of Distress...Tim Holtz...our cool "Professor"...he's a great teacher...full of inspiration with a great knowledge of the products he loves...his extraordinary talent and great sense of fun guided us all step-by-step through the Creative Chemistry 101 Online Class...can't wait for the next one and remember it's all about enjoying the journey and learning to...
In this episode, Max Keiser and co-host, Stacy Herbert discuss the bull market in discontent, MF Global clients begging JP Morgan for their money back, Zynga insiders dumping shares in an ‘innovative’ manner and Max does a mean impersonation of Jamie ‘Pick a pocket or two’ Dimon. In the second half of the show Max talks to activist Andy Stepanian about animal rights activism, Occupy Wall Street and the dangers of success against corporations.
Last night I felt adventurous for some reason – maybe it was because I was out with a group I’d never dined with before. I decided to go for the Chicken Harissa from Milestones. It was fantastic and really unique (I’m not a foodie but I can appreciate good food). It’s not that often that I like a meal enough that I’ll want to recreate it at home (peanut curry and shawarma excepted). Hand me a tasty baked good and I’ll more than likely want the recipe but now I want to make me some Harissa.
While some may squawk at the 9.95 cover price, I think these "very best of.." bookazines are a steal and so valuable. I hope Martha Stewart Living will keep them coming! I'd love to see one on gardening this spring!
I am not one to click with the chicks for the most part. I am a "one of the guys" type of chick, and I am okay with that! I like to work on cars, go fishing, hunting and fix stuff that happens to be broken, well fix inanimate objects that is! However, I know how to be a stereo-typical chick too.
a small mystery
Joan Brehl, Vice President, ABC Canada
I don't understand what is happening here. What does until he stumbles into the one field that might actually help others before the police arrive: social worker. mean?
Areas have been deforested for agriculture and then abandoned once the soils have lost their fertility. What many do not realise is the fertility of a rich forest is mostly captured in its vegetation. Only through the continuous cycle of life and death are nutrients released into the ecosystem. Once you strip the vegatation away, the soils hold only a small volume of the nutrients. They then become increasingly impoverished as they are over-farmed, and as rain washes away the remaining but unbound fertile topsoils.
The grist of the beer is 80% malt, 20% corn. It is aged for months or years and then blended to produce the standard version of the beer (about 5% abv). The straight aged beer is sold as "Grand Cru" is stronger at 6%. None of the traditional Belgian versions exceed 6.2% alcohol by volume. The beer is aged in massive wooden tanks that are scraped between each batch so there's always new wood to season the beer. Finally and most importantly, the yeast, which has funkified through the generations, contains as many as 20 distinct strains (!), including a range of lactobacilli.
Saute onion, garlic and parsley in the skillet for a couple of minutes and then add the ground beef, cooking until thoroughly done. Drain fat.
He sent her a text and told her ”the relationship is over.” ‘
After a night in Chicago with some of my blogs friends, including Chicago Moms Bloggers, Sarah, MJ, Miss Lori, Nancy, NJ Moms Contributor Vanessa and NYC Moms' Beth, I stepped onto Belmont to quite a racket. When I looked around for the cacophonous source, my eyes stuck on the CTA tracks. There up on the elevated tracks was a sight to behold--the Santa Train!
Guard: I think you'll find most educated people regard mythical convictions as fundamentally animistic.
Then after some time, you came closer to me. With you, I was always myself because you accepted me that way. I liked the way you made fun of me when I was angry. The way you consoled me whenever I was sad over a petty little thing. The way you held me when I was shattering down into pieces. I never realized it before but now I know that I had fallen in love with you during those silly fights, Arham. I waited for your calls even though there was nothing to talk about. One text from you was enough to make me smile. It was Love all along, but I never understood that.
Another issue covered in Bleeding Violet is that of identity. Specifically, racial identity. Hanna's mother, Rosalee, is black, and her father, Joosef, is a Fin. Hanna spent the first years of her life in Finland, without her mother, and knows a lot more about Finnish culture, and references are made throughout the book. At one point in the book, Rosalee makes her a meal, and there's something on her plate she doesn't recognise. When Rosalee tells her it's Grits, she asks "Is it a black thing?" There's an underlying, very subtle thread of Hanna feeling like she's only half herself, for not knowing about her black heritage, and for not having her mother around, but also that she's an outsider because of her Finnish background, and the cultural differences between her and her peers.
This week I have a whole slew of new products for you, and can I just say... It has been SO fun getting these together! It's really made me think about life, change, and making a better tomorrow.. I hope you will find just as much pleasure in them as I do.. So let's get to it!
My Mum (aka Nanny G) arrives for a 12 day visit this Thursday which we are all really looking forward to... especially as she hasn't seen Allegra since she was 7 1/2 weeks old! Allegra and I will then fly back to Melbourne with her for a few weeks over easter to visit family and friends yippee! Although it's such a bummer that Mr B will be unable to join us due to work committments :( However, it will be a very special visit for us none the less as on of my closest and best friends, Emma (I have blogged about her previously here and here), is due with her first bubba... the day we arrive actually! I am SOOO excited. It is something all best friends dream of isn't it, to raise their children together?! Such a blessing!
What a question! Did I trust him? Of course I couldn’t know the answer to that in any meaningful way. I knew him better than some people and a lot less well than others. We had just had sex for the first time. I knew his name, his job, his star sign. I knew he played tennis but hated football. I knew he laughed at Monty Python and hated all politicians. I knew he liked to drink beer and smoke an occasional spliff. But I had no idea if he had ever committed a serious crime, if he could be violent, if he had ever stalked anybody…
Applicant, who suffers from mild paralysis of the lower body, has been in prison since 1992. In 2003, he was transferred to a different facility where he was supposed to be put in a ward that could cope with his condition, but he was put in an “ordinary” unit. His transfer into the new unit meant that he could not access the toilets or use any physiotherapy facilities. His request to for a sentence deferral was rejected in 2005. While the prison opened a new ward that could have addressed his condition, due to overcrowding he was not moved there. After this point he was in and out of detention in a hospital facility due to the conditions in the prison. Based on these facts the Court found a violation of Article 3 prohibiting inhuman or degrading treatment.
Kim Jong Moon, 56, a businessman in South Korea shared the same sentiment. “I know we were only supposed to observe Earth Hour by turning off non-essential lights and also unplug unnecessary electrical items, but my friends and I decided to go a little further by cutting our water and gas usage for the entire hour, you know, to make a bigger impact for our beloved planet.
Anthony was married to Francoise and lived on the Thula Thula game reserve in Zululand. He has two sons and two grandsons.
From the book you’re currently reading, or one you just finished, tell us what made you SWOON. What got your heart pounding, your skin tingling, and your stomach fluttering. Shout it out on Twitter with the hashtag #YABound, post it here in the comments, or grab the adorable button above and share it on your blog! We want to know :-)
I love my Ray's Arithmetic. Clearly you can tell its been through many hands. There are many reasons to choose Rays but one reason I admire the most is how naturally it teaches a child to reason. Knowing how to reason is crucial in the upbringing of a child. Being able to reason clearly enhances a child's ability to make well thought out decisions and to work through situations and problems. In short, when's person can reason then that equals to thinking outside the box and helps one find solutions to a myriad of situations that come in life. That's why we choose Rays for the first 6 to 8 years for their math. I know it might seem an odd thing to think of an arithmetic curriculum that actually teaches you how to reason but this one does. Obviously, most anything that was written in the 1800's you will pretty much be guaranteed to find reason written within the pages. Here are a few problems one of my little daughters were working on today.
Are you like me? Always when I read words from scripture that talk of rest or being restored or giving peace, my heart skips a beat. I want in on that offer. An offer of rest for this busy heart and mind of mine, yes please.
Friday E had no school. For some reason they start spring break here on the Friday before the actual week of spring break, weird?! It was a good day. No one was sick, although I did feel a bit of a scratchy throat starting in the mornings but nothing to worry about (or so I thought), kids were happy and helpful and C and I had Date night. How much better can it get?
Where do I even start writing and sharing with you the experience of the past week? So many steps, so many feelings bundle inside of me…
There is currently a private member’s bill in the House of Commons (second reading on 20 January 2012). This includes the key requirement that financial transactions be limited to non-cash (traceable) payments. You can track the bill’s progress through Parliament here.
Neighbor Nurse: iPhone.
And so we ended our day driving thru the country side where out of the blue the Devils Tower appears in the landscape. We set up our tent and enjoyed a beer outside the majesty of the inside of the volcano... and of course every night the KOA there plays Close Encounters, it was out of this world... hahah.
Stamp - Thank You
Fireworks: Launch Green Fireworks
Let's start with the ones I got through email.
All Strapped Up – The Vinyl Stitches
OK. Thanks for reading this. I'll try to get another post up soon that shows what I'm working on right now. What I'm doing is picking out some of the pieces in the newest Alabama Chanin book, making them up following (more or less) her included patterns, and then seeing how they fit and making necessary adjustments. I think I've got The Perfect Pattern for the bolero (tweaking the back, adjusting the sleeves), and I want to make a bunch of those. They may be the perfect garment for me: 1) they're something easy to toss on when it's chilly (I have to carry something with me in the spring and summer and fall (when it's over 80 outside) because the buildings are all icy inside, and I freeze just going into the post office and 2) they're very small, as garments go, so you can do a ton of embellishment that would take forever on a larger piece. Plus--the coolest part--I can make one out of a really large t-shirt. I can get cotton t-shirts for less than $1 each at Goodwill on Sundays, and I'm amassing a collection--the problem is that everyone wants really big t-shirts, apparently, so they're hard to find. And also most of them have a logo on the front and, often, on the back as well. So I have to hunt for ones that have enough blank fabric to get the sleeves--the tiny body of the bolero isn't a problem, but the sleeves require more fabric. It's an experiment--I'm thinking of piecing some of them to make my own fabric. We'll see how that goes~~
All I could do is laugh. LOL at Richard Grenell.
“He was so anxious, he couldn’t stand to sit next to you and hear you breathe,” DeBow remembers. A talented filmmaker, Ryan turned the lens on himself to record heartbreaking video of his own sleeplessness, his own irrational behavior — even his own mock suicide.
The only notebooks I could pick up were these copybooks for Thai schoolkids, who are clearly into cryptic idioms and psychedelia. I have piles of these back in Ireland. I used to dream of becoming a famous writer, and, after I shuffled off this mortal coil, some intrepid scholar digging through my “papers” and discovering these. That still makes me chuckle.
But the 2 1/2-page Ethics Committee report doesn't focus on Green's "personal" privacy, dealing instead with his official actions - legal and illegal - in office, those who read the report say.
If you scroll down to the "labels" section of this blog, it will become clear to you Who the center of my life is. It's the label with the most posts...
“It’s me, Gary Boggs, from Smyth’s Olde Pub. I used to work there. I remember your band Boxer Ego. I heard you guys opened for Counting Crows then broke up. That sucks, man. What happened?”
Forbidden lights you lead her to..
The challenge was to do journalling somewhere, hidden or not on the layout. Mine is hidden and says:
Limited effective treatment with a canine distemper vaccination has allowed this deadly disease of dogs to spread widely in most countries and was responsible for the near extinction of the black-footed ferret.
I thought about waiting a few weeks, thinking this would be the BEST April Fool’s joke ever, but decided against it.
Here’s the problem of hanging out too often with my musically involved friends, in particular those with compelling needs to share their thoughts, and sprinkle certain essential musical phrases and mentions in every conversation – a music overkill.
Use a Fiskars border punch to punch out two Greek Key borders from black cardstock and adhere across the top and bottom of the PP background with double sided tape and embellish the points of the triangle with round epoxy stickers.
Advice is ridiculous. Who listens? And the person giving it… what do they know? Beyond saying, “Don’t get hit by lightning,” or, “Don’t stand in the middle of the freeway with your eyes closed,” it’s useless. The only way to learn is by experience.
The easiest way to get reviews for your book is to create fake profiles and then review it yourself. (You'll be sure to get a 5 star rating!) However, many authors don't feel right about doing this. The next best way to get reviews for your book is to ask friends and family to read it and to post a review. They'll be likely to give you a favorable review, but you won't have to coach them on what to write. You can also send the staff at Amazon a copy of your book (digitally, of course) to review. They aren't likely to give you a bad review. Even if they don't like your book, they're more likely to just ignore your request. But chances are that you'll get an easy favorable review. The more reviews you get, the higher your book will appear in search results.
As far a horror graphics go, this one is pretty scary. Check out the obesity levels in 2020. By the way, it says that the average American eats 3,800 calories a day. I know I haven’t been packing back that much. So which one of you is snarfing my fries?
I’m not going to drive myself insane, repeating in my head something that happened. More so, something I have no power to change the outcome to. I will not tell myself I am a certain way because of an experience. Neither will I dwell on the past. Or on someone else’s reaction. It was a moment. It passed. What is here now, has NOTHING to do with it.
-- Pet Staff Quest
“Oh please, no!” Olivia pleaded.
Hope y'all are all doing well!! Thanks for stopping by :)
still barking at everyone’s heels, but only
Hours earlier, about 200 men had assembled outside Lakemba Mosque – some armed with Glock pistols – and dozens more gathered at Campsie. They were preparing to travel to Maroubra Beach, where up to 300 locals, many armed with crowbars, waited for an arranged fight, according to “Bra Boys” at the beach.
That they somehow need to be ‘protected’ from the world, or shielded from reality. And whether it’s as infantile as trying to remove curse words from YA literature, or ban offensive books, or refusing to talk honestly and openly about drugs or sex or whatever, it all adds up to one thing – BS condescension.
Pull out any image you wish and color it with some pretty spring color combos however you'd like with your alcohol markers and pencils! Have fun & try something new or just use your favorite technique!!
Those two words—no gimmicks—perfectly encapsulate Joey Stylez, the world’s premiere Native American hip hop artist. From his chameleon-esque sound, clothing and hair styles down to his ongoing adoration for skin art and undeniable good looks, Moosmin First Nations member Stylez is overtaking the world of hip hop with enthusiastic ease.
I’ve gotten off lightly today as I’ve not gone anywhere. But what happens when I’m at home is quite interesting. I’ve not left the laptop since I got back in. I’ve had twitter, facebook, iplayer, hotmail, and pinterest all open. I’ve been monitoring them in a way I never do on my phone. Every time a number pops up on one of the tabs I’m scampering to turn find out what it is. But being on the laptop has a sense of foreboding, as if I’m locked away from the world even though I’m interacting with it via the internet. This is bad.
We are in year 24 out of 25 years since Harmonic Convergence of 1987…. in these times of chaos, our planet has been bombarded with a staggering amount of toxins… much more than the public is aware… consider:
Date a girl who reads because you deserve it. You deserve a girl who can give you the most colorful life imaginable. If you can only give her monotony, and stale hours and half-baked proposals, then you’re better off alone. If you want the world and the worlds beyond it, date a girl who reads.
I've adjusted a couple things. I up the yeast to 2 T. and add 1 T. sugar to the yeast and water mixture.
Your parents, the T.V., the radio, strangers, friends, family all spoke to you in your language all the time. It was not a sterile environment with textbooks and flashcards. It was a living breathing fully immersed world, and your young and open mind absorbed tiny bits of language information every hour of every day.
Nubile Miscreants
Schrader SM. Reproductive Toxicology of Male Workers. Presented at "Environmental Health Seminars" University of Cincinnati, Kettering Laboratory. Cincinnati, Ohio. September 30, 1992.
Workbox/File 4:Apologia Science lab (items in ziploc bag), 20 minutes
“They’ll be safe,” I tell Greg, “This is back in the middle of no place, there aren’t any scurrilous types around to bother them way back here.”
Well B told me their conversation went something like this:
She will be his FOURTH wife.
Excited by the view of the soon-to-open Gusto Wine Cellar, Miss Bonnie, Momma Ginny and yours truly chose Italian for lunch and walked into Via Napoli with very little wait for an outside table.
His cry was
WalkenTalken is long Zynga at 8.60.
Bake for 20 - 30 minutes or until the cake is golden brown and starts to pull away from the sides of the pan. Avoid opening the oven door for the first 20 minutes. Test toward the end of the baking time and just crack the oven door a bit to peak in and see if it is done. Touch the center of the cake with one finger if it leaves a finger print it is not done. Leave it in for 5 more minutes.
I remember even now that a question pertaining to the element of intention and deliberation in a murder case drew a blank. So instead of Law, I wrote about Shakespeare, Shelley and Wordsworth.
And it's your lucky day, send her an e-mail to get in on her specials and follow her blog for giveaways, ideas, recipes and tips.
The race started on time though there were people trying to get through the bathroom lines and we headed off into the predawn stillness. The first part of the course was an uphill walk back to the parking lot. From there the light started coming up and we jogged off into the desert.
Drying Baby? Place baby on the softest of towels, and with lots of hugging and squeezing and gentle rubbing remove most of the water. Drying Sweater? Place sweater on the softest of towels. Press most of the water out of the sweater. DO NOT ALLOW THE TOWEL OR THE SWEATER TO MOVE. FELTING WILL OCCUR. When most of the water has been removed, carefully pin a diaper on baby, and cover with warm clothes. Place sweater, uncovered, on a flat surface in a warm area and carefully pin it in place to the desired measurements. Allow to air dry. DO NOT ALLOW THE AIR OR THE SWEATER TO MOVE. FELTING WILL OCCUR.
Andd the puppy I want:
Molly
If you're reading this, these products are not intended for you, but they may be intended for someone close to you. They're for people who want to belong to a particular brand family but who don't like straight whiskey.
Over to you!
Things has changed I am talking again with my older brother and my younger brother is back home.
Narrator No Bill, I can’t see the gardener anywhere. It’s safe to come out.
I still have two in my posession, I can't tell you off the top of my head which ones, though I think one of them is Harry's.
And finally, to all Canadians: Canada is a great country, one of the hopes of the world. We can be a better one – a country of greater equality, justice, and opportunity. We can build a prosperous economy and a society that shares its benefits more fairly. We can look after our seniors. We can offer better futures for our children. We can do our part to save the world’s environment. We can restore our good name in the world. We can do all of these things because we finally have a party system at the national level where there are real choices; where your vote matters; where working for change can actually bring about change. In the months and years to come, New Democrats will put a compelling new alternative to you. My colleagues in our party are an impressive, committed team. Give them a careful hearing; consider the alternatives; and consider that we can be a better, fairer, more equal country by working together. Don’t let them tell you it can’t be done.
A basic description of what I’m doing will help in understanding the stats below. I’m looking at best book winners in awards for the following genres: children’s literature, mystery, horror, science fiction and fantasy. I’m only considering a subset of awards for each category, and I’m limiting them geographically to awards presented to authors writing in English in North America, the UK or Canada. I’m ignoring all categories that aren’t novel-length, or are awarded for first-time efforts.
Nobody wants to entertain the thought that they did ANYTHING wrong. EVER. And if that’s true of most Americans, I imagine not many Israeli are eager to even engage in this thought process, so painful and personal the issue may be. As I said earlier, people are not naturally inclined to understand others, “especially if that person is a stranger and your parents have warned you against him.”
I’d love to say I have the solution to these buggers but this is more a post of things I’ve tried that didn’t work in hopes of other suggestions.
She asked me if I was looking forward to Seattle and I gave her a terse, one-word response, though all I really wanted to do was tell her exactly how excited I was for everything I have planned. I think she would have been excited, too. Not that it matters anyways.
(Oh help me, please.)
Headquartered in Nashville, Tenn., Oreck Corporation is a leading manufacturer in the homecare industry, offering a variety of vacuum, air purification and other cleaning products. Oreck sells its products in hundreds of Oreck Clean Home Centers, direct to consumers and through other leading retailers. The company distributes products in the U.S., Canada and parts of
By 2009 over 600 South African Whites were refugees in foreign countries (170 in Germany, 111 in USA, 46 in Ireland, 33 in Canada, 24 in the UK, 18 in France and 15 in Australia), because they had a well founded fear of being persecuted in South Africa, for reasons of race, religion, nationality or membership of a particular social group or political opinion.
chords and it pretty much sounds like the rest of the album. A sad drift. It’s very
It turns out that this idea, in a very clever, very subtle way, has been around in cosmology and astronomy under the guise of a principle called the “anthropic principle.” That is, the idea has been growing among astronomers—cosmologists anyway—that the universe has a purpose. It is so fine-tuned, there are so many coincidences, that it seems very likely that the universe is doing something purposive, as if the universe is growing in such a way that a sentient being will arise at some point.
"Mostafa's ultimate goal was the annihilation of Israel," Fatemeh Bolouri Kashani told FNA on Tuesday.
Some of Romney’s many policy reversals have been overlooked in this campaign as old news, so I’ll just provide a brief refresher. Romney ran for statewide office in the Massachusetts twice, in 1994 and 2002, as a pro-choice candidate, only to become publicly pro-life in 2005, just as he was gearing up to seek the GOP presidential nomination instead of seeking a second term as governor of the liberal state. During the 2008 campaign he attacked various opponents for being for gun control, amnesty and campaign finance reform. Yet at earlier points in his career, Romney supported the federal “assault weapons” ban (and signed a state ban as governor in 2004), called the McCain-Kennedy immigration reform “reasonable” and “quite different from amnesty” and supported campaign finance reform measures far more draconian than anything in McCain-Feingold. During this campaign, he’s spent the last few weeks attacking his opponent Texas Gov. Rick Perry for criticizing Social Security too harshly, because he says it’s politically damaging to do so.
I walk up to Rachel, lying in the ambulance on the stretcher. Her eyes are closed and her chest is moving a little up and down as she breathes weakly. I pull the blanket off her, to find a bandaid covering a huge hole just under her breast bone, where she'd stabbed herself. I gasp, tears fall down my face and onto her cheek. Her eyes flitter open as she feels the drops. The paramedics bring more bandages and medicine to clean the wound. I wait for them to tell me to go away but they don't. I hold her hand as they drive to the hospital. Her sobbing mother sits in the front.
SB 10.88.20: Lord Siva said to him: My friend, please stop, stop! Ask from me whatever you want, and I will bestow that boon upon you. Alas, you have subjected your body to great torment for no reason, since I am pleased with a simple offering of water from those who approach me for shelter.
In order to become a member of The Seven, all applicant have to past a "test" (read: service the current members sexually). Homelander auditions Soldier Boy but unfortunately, he fails. Poor guy, maybe next year.
He asks Kate,"Why did you bring me here?"
One of the changes, to Section 26 1(e), effectively rules out candidates or their staff from verifying IC numbers of voters which is vital to detect phantom or multiple voters.
PS: will be posting today at the DOJO. And I have to give a huge THANK YOU to everyone who follows my posting at this blog and the other two I contribute to. I really appreciate your support! (Ya, I'm getting a little sappy today.)
We eventually get to the check-in point which in a community centre, and has a roof and some heat, and hot drinks and snacks. We’re greeted by an extremely camp man, with too much joy for this dull and rainy day, and we’re then told that we have a choice to make. There are no seats left, and we can either have purple wristband that allow us guaranteed access – standing-room only – at the front of the stage, or standby wrist bands which I think means that if any invited guests don’t turn up, we can have their seats. We choose purple, I haven’t queued that long to ‘maybe’ get in.
38. Seen the Leaning Tower of Pisa in person
Again Colonel 'F' and Colonel 'B' said that late in 1942 or early in 1943, the KGB received radar technology. They claimed that this information from the Fifth was assembled in the form of photos, diagrams and written explanations by him and Blunt...The clarity and visually descriptive nature of the technical data supplied by the Fifth was a trademark of his. By comparison, Rothschild demonstrated in his book, Meditations of a Broomstick, how he took great pride in all areas of his work for MI5 in supplying exact illustrations.
A phone call that began his child's journey back to a world, full of healing, hope, redemption, laughter, joy, and beauty........
So when a friend of mine, who happens to be one of those rare black republicans, (Shout out to GG!) asked me if I wanted to go to their convention in New Orleans, I hesitated at first but still went for it.
I'll be back later to report on this afternoon's jolly...........see you then xx
you forget me
“Gastro, is one of those funny words,” Sarah and I discussed this at length, “Too often it gives places the excuse to add £5 to the menu and serve sub standard food,or it tries to turn pubs into formal restaurants. Our one simple mission is to serve great, affordable pub food in a friendly environment. Luckily, we’ve landed on our feet with the brilliant Matt Perry as our chef. He aims to create simple yet appealing food, making everything from baking bread to homemade ice creams. Even with using the best local ingredients that are fresh and seasonal, we were determined that every dish on the menu would still cost less than £10.”
In France, the relationship with immigrants has always been more difficult, and there is no symbol holding out a shining light to welcome new arrivals (ironic therefore that she should be born in this land). I know that I am in a privilieged position to be an immigrant by choice and not financial or political necessity, and to come from a place that is seen positively (albeit with some suspicion!) in the country, but to my French friends, colleagues and family I will always be the Englishman.
I’m not doing well with my ever-worsening health situation, but I must say that I’ve gotten enormous comfort over the years by reflecting upon other people’s misery. Based upon my own experiences and what I’ve read, I’ve learned two things about chronic pain: there’s often very little that doctors can do to alleviate it; and the only limit to how much pain a person can experience is determined by the point at which he passes out, and even then he has to wake up again. I’ve read about people whom, if I were them, and had I been able to use a gun on myself, I would have run to that gun. I draw two conclusions from such somber reflections. One is that I’m lucky compared to how bad off I could be. The second is that to truly allow the knowledge of such pain into my heart has made life seem a lot more serious. When I was young, I pretended that life was simply a game that I would someday tire of, and then go back to my real existence; but, no, our lives are as real—and sometimes as horrific—as when a leopard crushes the windpipe of an impala.
The mice said "We have had to run all of our lives; from cats, dogs, people with brooms. If we could just have some little roller skates, we would not have to run again."
In the kitchen, Mildred gets to work breaking down chickens and goes into a whole monologue about how much she hates how half chickens are served in most places, and how she’s going to serve her half chickens in pieces. See what I mean about unnecessary detail? She flings off some instructions to the waitress as she works, talking a mile a minute.
Legacy School Sport CIC was formed in 2011 and is a dedicated ‘not for profit’ social enterprise based at and supported by Spen Valley Sports College. Their aim is to utilise the company’s specialist knowledge to promote, facilitate and enhance sustainable and accessible opportunities for physical activity, sport and lifelong learning. Links to targeted partners are currently helping us to maximise positive impacts on the public health agenda and community well being. In other words concentrate on what we do best.
- Realer than you know, Danny – said Lady Gaga.
In Vancouver there is an amazing shop on Granville Island called Maiwa. I discovered it last summer when we were there, so made a bee-line there once again. Twice in fact. It would have been more, only the family already knew what I was up to! The supply store is a treasure trove, filled with all sorts of goodness to get the textile creative juices flowing; be it knitting, crochet, felting, sewing, painting, natural dyeing or printing. It was the latter two that had me transfixed mostly and I thought it may be of interest to you, too.
Ostracized and considered unclean, she had been depleted of everything – physically, financially, relationally, and probably emotionally. But her faith remained intact, for she held onto the Scriptures. She clung to it, knowing this was her chance to touch the Man of God Who healed.
That black and white tile is just insane. It's also a bit MC Escher, don't you think? (And for the young ones, despite the name, he's actually not a rapper from the 90's).
I got my eyes checked during the week. After years and years of wearing lovely little rectangular glasses I thought it might be time for an upgrade. It's been six years since my last check up.
OK, it’s just the temperature – but with your other Arduino knowledge from our tutorials and elsewhere – you can wire up all sorts of sensors, poll them from your Arduino and use the ethernet shield and an internet connection to access that data from anywhere. Here are some applications that spring to mind, all can be made possible with details from our previous tutorials:
Or a woman who wants to be seen as an observant follower
67. Vice nah hurt but conscience ah hurt yuh. Although you tend to be ignored for the wrong things you do, you still have your conscience to deal with.
But the show’s popularity, especially here in Saudi Arabia, has not gone unnoticed by the religious clerics, who have given it a thumbs down and issued a fatwa (a religious opinion on Islamic law) saying that it is sinful to watch the show. They fear that the show will corrupt its society, cause moral decay and encourage dating and pre-marital sex.
“The English are like the Germans. They no longer know who they are – the British Empire has gone; they can’t define who they are. The Scots are like the Bavarians. The Scots know very well who they are, what their traditions are and I would love Scottish-type patriotism for Germany. It’s a positive, very inviting patriotism.
3. Sprinkle some cheddar cheese and put under the broiler until cheese is melted.
Thankfully the woman escaped unharmed from her vampy assailant. Police later found Bensley all but naked in parking lot sporting only his tattoos, body piercings and a pair of boxer shorts. Galveston Police Captain Jeff Heyse reported that upon apprehension, nosferatu boy claimed that he was “a 500 year old vampire that needed to feed”.
after a half hour ordeal, it was finally over. I was highly embarrassed, but it makes for a great story.
Phreak: Reported for writing satirical parodies about the League of Legends Tribunal on the forum and a blog.
“How do Israelis feel on their Independence Day? For the past number of years, the most apt comparison would be to the feeling of a birthday party celebrated at the bedside of a terminally ill patient. You can’t not attend, you can’t not express your good wishes and you can’t not celebrate — at least for outward appearances.”
You make my heart laugh out loud.
Ne doth it ill beseem divines those skills to know
29 door
But I do like the idea of having nicknames for implements and may start using them. It would be nice to tell Season to "Get the Stinger." and she knows right away I mean the riding crop.
Most people aren`t actually enjoying the process of cleaning. But you can “release the steam” by cleaning after a busy and stressful day. If one has had a hard week with peers, bosses or family, and there is a lot of frustration to vent, there is no better way to do so than to pick up mop, broom, brush or vacuum.
Jesus wept,
Downed Economy - Emil & Friends
Back about 13 months ago, Flo asked me to speak at the Good Vibrations Unschooling Conference, and I have to say I was completely overwhelmed. My primary thought was “why me, what makes me deserving of this honor?” And all of that sounded very nice, and humble, but for me humility often leads to the next logical emotion - total, complete, and abject fear. And when the fear caught on for real, my question was “What the heck will I talk about?” I assumed that Flo wanted me to talk about what I often write about – finding the balance between being an unschooling Dad and having a job in corporate America. When I approached her about it, she simply said – “Talk about whatever you want. Whatever you are passionate about.”
Thanks for stopping!
Have a nice weekend!!!!!
Beat butter and cream cheese until incorporated and fluffy. Add vanilla bean paste and mix until incorporated. Add 1/2 of the powdered sugar, mix well, and add the remaining powdered sugar and mix until you have a lumpy mixture.
In The Beginner's Goodbye, Luke owns a restaurant. Wait! How'd that happen? Luke's uncle Ezra owned a restaurant in the earlier book. Is this the same one? A different restaurant? Now I wonder if I should finish the earlier novel before continuing this new one.
On March 16th 2005 the architect of the wall died at the age of 91.
I don’t think he was talking to Tommy Dreamer, just a guess.
His music is poetically written and he is a genius at sending a message with his words. If we could all express ourselves this well the world would be at peace and they would figure out how to make chocolate flavoured spinach. Some songs make me want to jump up on a podium for a cause and change the world, while others make me want to go hug everyone I see and tell them how wonderful I think they are. There are a few which make me want to purchase a sniper rifle and hide out in a bunker waiting for my ex to walk by... but they are few. There are LOTS that make me evaluate my life, for better or worse. Even if you are not interested in his soft, smokey voice (his voice is a synonym for sex), you have to appreciate the message in the songs. Plus, if you aren't tapping your foot or doing some sort of head bob by the end of the song you have no rhythm and something is broken inside you.
4) Favorite me in Technorati.
First, don’t defy the laws of physics by cramming tons of data on a single page. Excel does allow us to use a 6 point font, but please pity your reader and don’t use it.
We missed the announcement of which beer had won the Champion Beer of Britain as it started off with some MP droning on which isn't really my thing, and then the Betty Stoggs marching band started up again which meant we couldn't hear anything except drums anyway. I was pleased when I found out later that Mighty Oak Oscar Wilde Mild had won. This means I'm ahead of the curve as far as beer nerdery goes, because thanks to a recommendation from young Rob I'd sought it out last year and been suitably impressed. So impressed I'd even bought a half this year before it was announced it had won.
And he is right. Thankfully, we in America have not become so devout in our efforts to appease the gods of climate change, and legislatively, we are in an earlier stage of transition to these inefficient and costly "renewable" systems. We can only hope that the winds of change are blowing in 2012, and with them we can put an end to the crippling subsidization of "renewable" systems like wind power -- until such time that free-market innovations dictate that they can be a viable addition to our energy infrastructure.
This past weekend we did a mini family vacation to Las Vegas, and for the first time ever…we didn’t go into the strip! It IS possible to do a weekend at Sin City that is family oriented. Logan and Sammie were sooooo good during the car ride, Jay and I were a little worried, but everything worked out okay. We stayed at the Viera at Aston MonteLago Village. My parents and brother came along as well. I gotta say staying in the village at Lake Las Vegas was very convenient, Sammie and Logan can just go outside and walk through the village. You can go on boat rides, shop through the unique stores, and there are some nice restaurants all just a stroll away. Over the weekend we drove to Nevada’s Red Rock Canyons….it was beautiful. If you do ever go there…there is a 13 mile one way loop….the first stop has the most picture opportunities, and has in my opinion the easier hiking trials. We also went to visit Hoover Dam….we got to walk on the walkway bridge over the Hoover Dam, it was really cool.
The fact is that many of the Directors and Officers of State Enterprises are political appointees, which puts the entire rationale onto a doubtful footing. Because the salaries and perks are so attractive, not to mention the commercial opportunities, the State Enterprises are prize targets for political appointments and favours.
It's February 14th in sunny Sydney now. Well it was actually pouring rain soaked Sydney in my corner near the beach until well after lunch but the sun is out now.
Toews’ over the top rhetoric on this matter is easily matched by the overkill in the long gun registry debate. I’ve never been able to understand why people who regularly register their vehicles, their RVs and lots of other personal property balk at registering their guns. It’s not like getting rid of this particular piece of documentation removes all the identification related to possessing firearms.
Multicore SoC and processor designs were our solution to the death of Dennard Scaling when IC process geometries dropped below 90nm, when processor speeds hit 3GHz, and when processor power consumption went off the charts. Since 2004, we’ve transformed Moore’s Law into a processor-core replicator, spending transistors on more processor cores rather than bigger, smarter, faster processor cores. But there’s a storm brewing once more, heralded by the dismal utilization of supercomputers that run hundreds to hundreds of thousands of processors in parallel. Currently, per-core processor utilization in supercomputers is less than 10% and falling due to memory and I/O limitations. If we don’t want the same thing to happen to our multicore SoC designs, we need to find a new path that allows processor utilization to scale along with processor core count.
Publications, Inc.
a volunteer: the selection process to choose the ‘games makers’ has begun and successful applicants should be informed from early 2012
Which is slightly odd, cuz it’s usually one of my favorite songs sung by one of the women that get stuck in my head.
They ended up settling in Austin where a thriving punk scene was in full swing. The band, which then consisted of Johnny Rokker on guitar and vocals, Lil Christine on vocals and harmonica, Zach Smith on bass/vocals and Davey Andrews on drums, again took on a new identity, this time calling themselves simply Rokker. They were spontaneous and rarely ever rehearsed. They booked as many clubs as they could but often got thrown out after their first set.
Ive used Wimsey's fab bunny image and sentiment with a gorgeous ribbon from ribbon Carousel instructions for the bag are in the Whimsy Magazine issue 7
H.P. L’Orange concentrates on the relationship between art (becoming cruder and cruder), and the development of the great Stalin-esqe world state of Diocletian’s reforms. The decline of the local economy, paired with the rise of the empire-wide economy driven by a state bureaucracy results in quantity, not quality (sounds very Soviet-like) in the realms of civic art, architecture, and even literature. Massive building projects are completed, but with (what we would say) incredibly poor workmanship. Why? Because the economy is now state-based. The sculpture is not done by talented, interested individuals, but by state employees in vast state factories, according to state plans. The empire has changed, and is now concerned with the millions, not the individual. A very bad thing, and the beginning of the Dark Ages per L’Orange. What happens when the state falls and there’s no local production of art/engineering/architecture/literature? It all disappears with the state – and this is exactly what happens in the West.
This post serves as both an index and introduction to my new series posts on the ethics of cryogenic suspension. Cryonic suspension, for the purposes of this series can be defined in the following manner:
Tommy Knocker maple Nut Brown Ale: A delicate amount of maple syrup is added to each barrel of the award winning Maple Nut Brown Ale to impart roasted sweetness. This addition balances the nut flavor produced by chocolate malts used in the brewhouse, producing a drinkable dark amber ale with a relatively low alcohol content.
However, this emergence of symptoms has really caused me to question what in the world is going on. Why now? What triggered it? And why did it seem so unmangeable? While I was doing some serious soul-searching I was reminded of what Jen, my therapist at Laureate, said. She constantly reminded me that when I was in a state of fear I was most vunerable to behaviors.
Rel jerked his head at the Sherim. "He's as safe as I can make him. Don't come any closer."
MARISOL: Then we’re both down.
Colorado summers may very well be the best reason to live in this state. Winter skiing is certainly an attractive counterargument, but the mountain resorts from November through March also attract thick crowds from around the world, most of which presumably drive just 35 mph on I-70 and hold up traffic.
cyclothon.tv is a portal that is committed to growing the community of cyclists of all ages and abilities.
I am having so much fun. I entered the Court TV Search for the Next Great Crime Writer Contest, and as of right this minute I am ranked number one!
Dear Mr. Somesuch,
We went out for sushi, and I had miso soup. Then I decided I would take all the shrapnel out of my mouth and see how wide I can open, and I ordered edimame.
Understanding the basic mentality in Southern Sudan is a struggle. There have
Maybe the word histoplasmosis, on any other day, wouldn't be cause for celebration... but today, today I couldn't be happier to hear I had a fungal infection in my lungs. For whatever Histo was... it wasn't cancer.
1 accomodations
It was a really amazing cookie on flavour but I missed the ball park with texture. I had too much butter and not enough flour so the dough spread a lot in the oven. I also didn't add enough eggs because the cookie broke really easily. For those reasons, I'm not going to post the recipe but I'll make sure I fix it up and post it early next week. I will however give you my toffee recipe cause it's really simple.
The moon was masked, in all of its luster, by the dark clouds bringing benign rain. I always appreciated the moon, as it was the more elegant, more reasonable, more beautiful source of light that the primitive man had to live under. I wonder what went through the minds of our ancestors when clouds would cover it, as they’d roam around in darkness, the weakest creature without sight. I’m surprised we’ve even made it this far. That’s probably why people don’t like the rain. Maybe biology tells us that we should dislike rain because our lives are at a greater risk of dying, either hypothermia, predators, or flood, and now we just get depressed and complain because it’s inconvenient.
(Yes, don't worry, I am joking).
Martin Blackie, Juan's seventysomething uncle, a second-generation Boer whose mother was among the first batch of settlers and whose father was detained in a concentration camp during the Anglo-Boer war, was honorary vice-consul of the Boer descendants in Chubut for 20 years, a position he held with much pride, but with the decline of an authentic Boer community there was no longer need for a consul and his position fell away last year. His children also speak little Afrikaans.
SH: The answer to hand washing is that you don't buy anything that needs to be hand washed.
In the text of the act, the law is allowed to be used against anyone who knowingly enters or remains in a restricted building or grounds without lawful authority to do so, but those grounds are considered any area where someone — rather it’s President Obama, Senator Santorum or Governor Romney — will be temporarily visiting, whether or not the public is even made aware. Entering such a facility is thus outlawed, as is disrupting the orderly conduct of “official functions,” engaging in disorderly conduct “within such proximity to” the event or acting violent to anyone, anywhere near the premises. Under that verbiage, that means a peaceful protest outside a candidate’s concession speech would be a federal offense, but those occurrences covered as special event of national significance don’t just stop there, either. And neither does the list of covered persons that receive protection.
Objective: To achieve a great PC with a budget of 50,000Php using a given mock Pricelist, and to increase product and brand exposure.
A Mammoth in the Fridge by Michael Escoffier and illustrated by Matthieu Maudet is a deceptively simple story with a surprise ending. At first I didn’t think there was anything special about the story, until I got to the last few pages. The ending left me with a smile on my face and children will love it too. Both the text and the illustrations are quite sparse and simple but they’re fun and there’s a sense of anticipation throughout the story to keep children guessing what might happen next (will the firemen catch the mammoth? Where will he run to?). I especially like the illustration of the mammoth squashed into the fridge. The father is telling the children to stay away because it might bite, but the mammoth just looks upset that his hiding place has been discovered. Thanks Gecko Press for another unique, curiously good picture book!
1. Two CD sized papersleeve album replicas (one gatefold), with two black inner sleeves.
Pensions: Article 147 protects pensions, gratuities and other allowances for members of the public service, their widows, children, dependants or personal representatives.
4:30 AM: 6.2-Mile Run – COMPLETED
I had a lot of fun researching this one. I have an inexplicable soft spot for dubstep and these songs really got into my head; I think my girlfriend got very sick of hearing me constantly singing, “our GOD is an AWEsome god, he reigns…”
BOISE, Idaho (Aug. 27) — An Idaho real estate agent became the first hunter to legally kill a gray wolf yesterday, bagging an adult female in the mountains of the northern Rockies.
Therefore, this episode testifies to the depth of Amalek’s sin and idolatry, rather than the capriciousness of God. We make a crucial mistake when we think of these people as innocent bystanders.
there may be someone to catch me..
“Let The Right One In” is a vampire story, or it’s a coming-of-age story, or it’s a love story. Or it’s all three. It’s a story about abuse, and about friendship, and about fear and about freedom. It’s horrific and haunting and oddly sweet and beautiful. Whether you’ve seen one of the two recent adaptations of it, or whether you’ve never heard of it before… once you’ve read it, you’ll never forget it.
Repeat to yourself over and over again that you will meet someone,
The sun will shine through the clouds
they will just be like
ShopNBC did not say who these deals are with, but it could be with companies such as Comcast or DirecTV, for example. Those three renewals cover about 54 percent of ShopNBC’s 81 million households.
I never used to worry about where my books came from, but that was before I hoped to be published myself one day. Now, I am acutely aware that, when I buy books second-hand, the author isn’t getting a cut. Neither is the publisher, although I am less concerned about that.
As we've reported here, last year it was revealed that a couple of classic monsters from the 60's and 70's will be back.
your plans, ya know.................but all in all it could be
The water has bugs, I think.
But I am still laughing. Dear God: Thank YOU for a sense of humor. I sure needed it today. And it worked. Have had a smile on my face ever since. Thank YOU!
Ink: Clearsnap Fluid Chalk Ink - Rouge** & Tsukineko Memento Dye Ink - Tuxedo Black
SO I'VE DECIDED TO WRITE ONE MORE POST AFTER THIS ONE. THE EXPERIENCE RELAYED IN THAT POST IS ONE THAT I HOPE WILL ILLUSTRATE MANY OF THE POINTS RAISED ABOVE.
Sue :o)
My heart needs quiet
are weapons of war
Yes, that's right, one member of the 15 member ruling committee of Unison decided that the image was racist.
When the timer goes off, remove from the oven and brush with the butter mixture.
Thank goodness we were run off our feet today being busy, because I didn't have time to think about it.
Spent the afternoon with Little Bit. She wore me out. I'll tell you about it in the morning if I have time. Now, I believe I'll listen to my old radio for a while then hit the sack and try and find dreamland.
Nokia Xpress audio messaging
All my sorrows are calling out to him
Why? Laminitis is a slow death and insanely painful as their hooves literally rot off, think of how a finger nail feels when it is ripped and bleeds, painful.
Multinational brands that are eager to chew up a bigger share of the Indian market are spending huge sums to carefully study the Indian consumer to bring in elements that appeal to them. For instance, the latest Kellogg cereal packaging to hit shelves has created more drama around food to make it look more appealing.
13. Action - 4:03
<U+660E><U+65E5><U+306E><U+30C1><U+30FC><U+30E0><U+3078><U+306E><U+5DEE><U+3057><U+5165><U+308C><U+306F><U+3001>
physio last friday. really hopeful to get thumbs up.
He's 70 years old.
51
I don’t like hating on people with menial jobs as much as the next person. I’ve done those jobs myself – retail, bartending, door-to-door sales (I lasted an hour), admin, supermarket checkout chick – those are all soul-sucking jobs that few people would do for any reason other than money.
So. Flashback Friday.
“I finally said, ‘I can’t play these guitar lines but maybe I can sing them.’ I tried to sing the way a guitar sounds and the way a saxophone sounds too.”
Clark: "Oh yes, chocolate chips, that is definately my secret ingredient"
And Mademoiselle, the envelope please...
As a child did you ever read The Butterfly Ball, and the Grasshopper’s Feast? This was a trippy 70's book the like of which I had never seen until a visit to my friend Stacey’s house. Stacey’s family lived at the back of her mother’s hairdressing shop on Rotherham Terrace, Miramar in Wellington (NZ) – know the place? It had the 80's pink and black sign writing on the window well into the 90's. Stacey was way cool, she had the Grease record (we never even had a record player), her mum had big hair and smoked – and was pretty relaxed about things. Even when the dog ate the whole birthday cake at her party held in the salon. And she had cool jewellery, actually I pinched an orange plastic bangle from her once – I am so sorry Stace.
There are still a few bits and pieces to do aside from the final coats of paint. We need to put up cornising which will cover the rougher filler that's in the gaps and we need to create a frame around the pipework in the corner of the kitchen.
Augustiner-Bräu Wagner KG Augustiner Bräu Maximator
I wrote this Friday but couldn’t post til now.
Is, as I reconsider, such a one.
Asgard 9 year box set.
63. Slow, pokey drivers, drives me crazy. Why do you have to look 4 times before crossing the intersection????
There could not be a more perfect trend for spring. Florals are everywhere, they can be sweet and feminine or, if styled correctly, edgy. Prabal Gurung, Lela Rose and Altuzarra all used floral prints in interesting ways. In order to tone down the print, they used neutral colours. The looks are bold but beautiful.
1 lb. tri-colored rotini pasta (corkscrew)
La Condamine stayed here with the Jesuits when he arrived bedraggled in Quito behind the first wave of the French Geodesic expedition that left France in 1735. Their mission was the accurate mapping of the equator and measuring the length of a latitudinal meridian. They recorded a great deal of flora, much of which was lost at sea, or during arduous travel.
chipotles in adobo (2 teaspoons minced, or more to taste)
Two New Spring Measurement Activities!!!
<U+0926><U+0930><U+0935><U+093E><U+091C><U+0947> <U+0915><U+0947> <U+092A><U+093E><U+0938> <U+0915><U+0941><U+0930><U+094D><U+0938><U+0940> <U+092A><U+0930> <U+092C><U+0948><U+0920><U+0940> <U+0939><U+0941><U+0908> <U+0932><U+0921><U+093C><U+0915><U+0940> – “The girl sitting on the chair near the door”
When she returned home, she worked with SNCC (Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee) and became involved in SNCC’s International Affairs Commission. Other influences included meetings with women at the United Nations representing African liberation and anti-colonial struggles. When the Moynihan Report was published (1965) positing that the main problem afflicting the Black community was the Black matriarchy – a view that tried to push Black women into a second class role – Beal became a founding member of the SNCC Black Women’s Liberation Committee (1968), which evolved into the TWWA (Third World Women’s Alliance (1970-1978).
My Biggest Boy A turns 5 this week. He also starts at 2 different schools (preschool and early intervention for speech). There is also the family birthday party, and his friends birthday party on Saturday.
So I sit here once again to give a voice to someone who felt that they had no right to a voice. Everyone has a right to a voice it is what you do with that voice and who you lift with that voice that counts.
The first thing I found was a wreath down in my basement my friend had given me. I found a smaller berry wreath with a star that I decided to place in the middle. Using the berries I attached a few here and there to secure it to the bigger wreath.
Sorry this post is short, but like i said in my previous post everything will be back to normal once they are leaving...and by the starting of September i should be back to my regular posting rates...
No one ever suffers in obeying this command of grace for after the Apostle commended the Philippians for their fellowship in giving he wrote in Philippians 4:19, “But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.”
(This article was originally published by the Finland´s leading weekly magazine
sun’s light illuminating hues of nature’s greens
I don’t know whether this rumor is true or not, although I wouldn’t exactly be shocked to learn that the Vatican is invested in a major arms dealer. All I know is that this picture says a lot for itself:
as he listened to testimonials
So hey! How've you been?!? Are you having a nice summer? It's been a while since I posted, and I guess that means I've been having a pretty nice summer too. I've been spending lots of time at the river with the dogs, goofing off and splashing around, and I have several cool embroidery and crafty projects in the works that I'll be able to share soon. I feel like I have so much to tell you guys! I guess I better blog more often so I don't overload you :o)
Christian Troy: None of us get out alive. Now you can huddle in a group and face it one day at a time, or you could be grateful that when your body rubs against someone else’s, it explodes with enough pleasure that you can forget, even for a minute, that you’re only a walking pile of ashes.
In this age of individualism and seclusion, we are trying to create a sense of belonging, having a community, a village. Working together is a great way of doing that. Conversation flows easily while hands are busy, and taking care of two babies is easier than taking care of one!
Visit them and enjoy the smells, sounds, flavours and helpful people.
We went to Washington because I had some work to do in the National Archives with some other teachers. While we worked in the Archives, the kids explored the National Mall on their own (and at times with another parent). Here are some photos I found on their phones after coming home. It was fun to see the city through their eyes. Their photos really reflect their interests.
Featured Designer - Alex Noble
Times are tough. Actually, they're getting tough in a lot of places. They proved very tough for Hamas operatives in the Eastern Mediterranean last weekend. They were tough in poor Balto as well, with seven people shot to death. (Baltimore should be one of the jewels of the East Coast, but of course, it's no such thing. I wonder who's been running the place the last century.) It was nearly as tough in Chicago, with twelve shot and three dead. But when has there ever been good news from the Windy City?
15) NIGHTMARE – The Abstracts
Meanwhile, in the Big House that looks down on the early morning scene, preparations are being made for yet another day of bluff and bluster by the privileged pontificators who created this new face of the country they laughingly claim to serve.
Despite what is said of the Crusades, they were a campaign to reclaim the holy land from Muslims who had conquered it and they were led by men who knowingly bankrupted themselves and often died in this cause. Though Christianity had been widely observed in the East, the armies of Islam destroyed all but remnants, thus shifting its survival to Europe in the West.
The previous study reported on earlier this week found that hormone use appeared to double the relative risk of dying from breast cancer. In the new study, 25 women among those taking the hormones died from breast cancer, compared with 12 among those who took a placebo. The increased risk translates into 2.6 vs. 1.3 deaths from breast cancer each year for every 10,000 women taking hormones, or about 1.3 additional deaths, the study found.
Consoles
Olivia could feel the officer’s fingers make their way down to her womanhood. Suddenly she felt a finger being inserted slowly into her and she let out a muffled moan. This was so degrading, she kept thinking. She tried not to think about it but the officer’s slow movements actually felt good. After a moment she removed her hand.
His head hung low as he shuffled his feet in self pity. His pouting was both comical and sad, simultaneously. I giggled and his face contorted into a pained expression.
These flowers you must try today. All of you have the material to make them, probably within arm's reach:
Horseback is the brainchild of guitarist, vocalist, and producer Jenks Miller, and across previous releases he has shown not only the capability but the imaginative and inspiring skill of bringing as mentioned an array of flavours and styles across the metal genres into creations which leave a lasting and deep impression. Half Blood is no different, its stunning and impressive chapters bringing a maelstrom of drone, psychedelic rock, doom, black metal, post-rock and more into a layered and textured trial for the ear and journey for the emotions. It is not a release that holds your hand from the start and leads you easily into its midst though neither is it cold or hard to climb on board with, but it asks for and requires a continued union and persistent interaction for its full and striking rewards to come forth.
Such purported profound and passionate zeal for the rule of law by the AG turns into mere political BN propaganda when one applies it to his pathetic excuses for not pressing charges against the two reporters of the Al-Islam magazine who had committed a most sacrilegious act against the Catholic community.
We were exceptionally prepared, they were not. Their lawyer was a cocky, arrogant little guy, tried to get my goat by bringing up the fact my husband had died on board so therefore that would reduce the value of the boat and tried pretty much everything he had to get his clients, my buyers, their deposit back. All of this of course cost big bucks both for me with my lawyer and what was needed to bring this to discovery, plus their lawyer too. In the end, we didn’t back down and they realized they were not going to win so decided we’d all settle without paying further monies. I was out an additional $8K for legal fees, I’m sure they were out at least that amount or more, but was glad it finally was resolved and over with. Learned a lot going through that legal process too and learned not to be fearful or intimidated by anyone, but it was one helluva expensive lesson – story of my life lol!
Remember That Doctors Are Human Beings
after something more important. He went back to her tattoo. With his athame he
e) The prohibition to reproduce any comment, opinion or interview, where said thesis is defended or can be inferred;
The music, composed by Koji Endo, works in concert with what happens on screen. Throughout the film simple playful melodies are used, the audition scene featuring lively score. When the film becomes darker the music ceases to be playful and quaint and as Yoshikawa’s world falls apart the familiar melodies become increasingly discordant.
I had to leave my baby this way. I went home, Chris stayed. I was exhausted. Completely.
This transformation will not be fun, but it is necessary. Our standard of living must decline to reflect years of reckless consumption and the disintegration of our industrial base. Only by swallowing this tough medicine now will our sick economy ever recover. By accepting a lower standard of living today, we will eventually be rewarded with a higher one tomorrow.
But first, a quick recap:
It is a colour combo of Rich Razzleberry, Pool Party and Whisper White and the new Bordering Romance stamp-set. I have cased the design from Monica's blog - so thanks Monica (my SU nannan!!)
spinach, and fruits
so stop bitchin’
Full results of the European Indoor Championships can be found here. Next weekend we will have the final “big” meet of the indoor season – the NCAA championships. I will have my predictions up as soon as the final start lists are announced.
This course will cover the basics of the social web. You'll learn about the big 4 social media sites: Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, and YouTube. You'll learn the best ways to navigate these sites. You'll also learn what to watch out for regarding security and privacy.
So, I want to talk about some of the stories in the book and what they are about. Magic Feeling — this is about what it’s like when a man moves into your orbit in ways that are so full of chemistry that, well, you are sort of left undone by his presence.
Income annuities do pose issues, how-ever. For example, Gary S. Mettler, vice president and director of advanced sales at Presidential Life Insurance Co., cautions that when it comes to dealing with marital property claims, illiquidity is both the bane and the benefit of SPIA contracts.
3. Tell us a bit more about the two men in Mary’s life, Harry and Travis. Travis starts off the desire-able one, Mary’s passion for him is only second to her need for the ocean but as the story progresses we begin to see the leadership qualities of Harry. How did the two brothers develop? Was this something you planned from the start or something that grew organically?
Summer is winding down around here. Audrey is back to school in about a week and a half ... Carter will be off to preschool a few weeks after that. It is always a bittersweet time. I AM looking forward to the routine that comes with the school year ... but then again I am NOT looking forward to the routine that comes with the school year. No more lazy days of sleeping in ... no more lazy nights of sitting on the deck and letting the kids play outside till the lightning bugs come out. Oh well. I feel like we have had a very full summer and done most everything on our summer "to-do" list. So my goal for these few weeks is to just enjoy the freedom and have fun with the kids.
it wasnt
"October's child is born for woe,
Not a great place for hiking (it only took my 10 minutes to get in...and that was in the dark) but there is a great 300 foot long gorge that just makes for great photography. And with the fall leaves swirling in the water...I felt like a little boy who had been granted permission to get dirty.
Of course Nici is behind this one. With Jeff’s encouragement she shakes together:
Augustin Barrel, a French Jesuit priest also published in 1797 a book linking the French Revolution to the Bavarian Illuminati. In “Mémoires pour servir à l’histoire du Jacobisime”, he traced back the slogan “Liberty and Equality” back to the early Templars and claimed that, in the higher degrees of the order, liberty and equality is explained not only by “war against kings and thrones” but by “war against Christ and his altars”. He also provided details pertaining to the Illuminist take-over of Freemasonry.
Tickets are priced from £22 to £18. To book tickets phone the box office on 01634 338338
"no I don't think so"
We're not going episode to episode like we did in our weekly recap, but we will tackle many major points; so things will vary with each podcast until we find some sort of set formula.
17) TARANTULA – The Tarantulas
The Hidden Blessing
I know, I know, last week I said be vague, but I was talking about different things. When you are promising something, be vague so that they’re happy, but they don’t have any specific image to attach to. Be vague when you’re talking about you. Be specific when you are talking about them.
Thanks for coming by and joining in on my excitement I will be sure to let you know of my experience and giveaway as soon as I get back!
About an hour into the set, Steve Riley announced the beginning of the Dance Off. Seven couples confidently strutted onto the dance floor for the first round of the two round competition. Fans of the various duos were holding up signs pledging their support and the applause was deafening. The band started off with an old school waltz.
Here are a few examples of classic films employing the twists we’ve come to know and love.
I know that it is winter, and I know that we can get pretty much everything under the sun in weather, but please just send snow. I can drive in snow.
Firebrand leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon was branded “hot red pepper” by one micro-message sender.
The girls have been home for almost two hours and have been fight/argument/bicker free. They are doing a play with neighbors and are fully engrossed. I helped cut up a cardboard box and gave them large paper for the backdrop. They wrote the script on notebook paper and highlighted everybody's parts in different colors. They are having so much fun and I love them being outside and using their imaginations.
Since these grenade attacks and the subsequent deaths and injuries took place at a packed NO rally, one must immediately answer these questions within the context of the increasingly fractious campaign for and against the proposed new constitution.
Get proactive. These stories are yours to tell and share. So do it!
Okay, so this isn't really a DIY but it was another step in the right direction for our master bedroom. I decided that on the wall opposite of the sunburst above our dresser that i love, that i would make a gallery wall. All i did was take pictures and frames that we already have and arrange them on our kitchen floor and hang it on the wall....
Merhaba from Safranbolu, Turkey!
Come to me. Come and eat.
The white /brown horse was not interested. I offered riches and glory and fame but he was just having none of it. Guess the grass is always greener under one's nose.
The Little Prince by Antoine De Saint Exupery: This is such a darling little tale, with little nuggets to imagine to. There are bits where I wanted to cry at its adorable profundity! There's nothing like a great children's tale to get a smile on your face.
"Shecky would crash these shivas and make with the hollow leg. He'd pretend he was on the other side of the family and make off with enough sandwiches to keep himself fat and happy for a week. Sponge cake, the man swam in.
The guitarist for my band, Kill the Huxter, had just informed me that a family vacation had popped up and the comeback show we'd slated for August 27th (see flyers below) was off. I suppose we could find a replacement guitarist and teach him or her the licks, but I try to recognize and deal with underlying problems and not put an adhesive bandage on the symptom. Since I had been in talking to the venue, I get to inform them of our flakiness and find a replacement band. After that, I'm going to focus solely on the drums for the band and nothing else.
Objectivism holds that any conversation on social relations i.e. politics must begin with rights.
Here we go. First, a sneak peek:
A seriously injured Mozambique national walks out of a field after being beaten by South African residents during ongoing xenophobia clashes in Ramaphosa squatter camp east of Johannesburg, South Africa, 20 May 2008. Picture Credit: EPA/KIM LUDBROOK - Sourced from: news.monstersandcritics.com - (More pics on the website -- See also: Jon Hrusa Photography
To her credit, this woman seemed apologetic. The administration, she told me, said they had to go with the data they had. They could not take my word for it that my daughter speaks english, I could not fill out another form. So she simply wrote down every word Khubz said in the 10 minute visit. That was apparently enough to make her hand cramp up. She seemed to think this new data would be enough to get Khubz placed correctly.
It's kinda hard not to idolize someone who's handed you back your life.......
"I wouldn't have needed to look right at it." Rel realised he was letting the other man bait him. He clenched his jaw and forced himself to calm down. At least he didn't feel hungry anymore. "What is it down there?"
I ask, "So where were you when Bush went to war? I don't remember seeing you out here then, protecting the Constitution."
I learned a little bit about cartomancy by doing this reading; I hope you did too.
My actual birthday is April 15th and on that day the Magic Kingdom will be open until three in the morning for Extra Magic Hours! I don't think I can get my mom to go that long but hopefully we'll get to enjoy a good amount of nighttime at Magic Kingdom.
Some of you have seen pictures, his name…so forgive me for resharing all of this, but it’s kind of nice to be able to post it all here so that I can look back years to come and relive this little stuff.
Noel Fehily
CANADA, by the way, opens up like this: “First, I’ll tell about the robbery our parents committed. Then about the murders, which happened later. The robbery is the more important part, since it served to set my and my sister’s lives on the courses they eventually followed …” I don’t know about you, but that’s about the most noir opening to a novel I’ve read in many a long year.
He was gone for three days. Sucked out to sea in a tidal wave and spit back ashore at Coney Island with no memory of what happened. Now his dreams are haunted by a terrifying silver mermaid with razor-sharp teeth.
I don’t know if it’s something in the holy water or what, but it seems to me that the Christians around me are going through some serious marital issues. My college roommate’s fiancé cheated on her. That was over 10 years ago. In the decade since then, I’ve not had any close friends go through really rocky times in their relationships. And then, in the last three months, I’ve had four friends, two close, two not so close, whose husbands have been unfaithful and have told them that they 1) don’t love them, 2) haven’t loved them in a quite some time, 3) doesn’t even like them, 4) it’s all their (the wives) fault, 5) they want to stay together for the kids.
I Got a Mind to Ramble
Monounsaturated fats help raise levels of beneficial high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. These HDL molecules act like bodyguards, capturing “bad” LDL molecules in the arteries and escorting them to your liver, where they’re filtered out of the body.
Household Members: Name Age
I watch until the chill of night
Happy Monday, my dear friends! I hope your week is already wonderful. Thank you for praying for that sweet family last week. They appreciate it! :o)
So: a day in the life of an assistant professor at a small state university with a 4/4 teaching load.
Yes, Hollande is ahead in the French election. He is the anti-Sarkozy vote, not a figurehead for a wider anti-austerity movement. Yes, as Owen points out, the Dutch government has collapsed. No, that doesn’t mean Europe is awash with desire for left-wing, or even centre-left governments.
Snack: 2 beers (2 starch, 2 fruit)
Dear Raegan,
"Oh, I'll gladly give up anything if only I may have a blue coat instead of a green and gold one," said the discontented little beetle.
I slide my hand along the contour of his back. The muscles under my palm are large and solid. They twitch and quiver, recovering for the previous hour’s exertion. Bringing my hand to the side of his face, we make eye contact and I wonder what he thinks of me as he turns his head away. Some call it crazy, and others call it useless. But I swear, those big, black eyes of his can see me. The fact that some sort of connection can be made between the two of us still blows my mind. But him and I, though vastly different, are both expressions of life. And that, if nothing else, deserves to be honored.
Many teachers are already aware of the free spelling activities, but did you know that they have a sentence-writing activity, too? This feature allows your students to use your own spelling words to create sentences and paragraphs online. I thought this activity was such a nice feature that I created a cooperative learning lesson to use as a prewriting activity before your students get on the computer. We've all experienced temporary brain freeze when sitting in front of a blank computer screen. The Spell & Write Sentences activity combats this problem by having them create sentences orally with a cooperative learning team before they ever sit down to type. The packet includes step-by-step directions for the computer part of the activity, too, so you can use it in a literacy center. The directions are different depending on whether or not you have a free account or a premium account, so I created two different sets of directions accordingly. Download this activity packet from my Spelling and Vocabulary page on Teaching Resources.
I’ve been wanting to do flags that would remind us of taking care of our home, in the bigger sense, and have thought of few ideas. But what made sense this year, was to create Earth Day Prayer Flags, and I love the connection we have now with India, and having visited the foothills of the Himalayas, it makes me feel like I have a stronger connection to the original meaning of these. And though I looked for prayer flags while we were in northern India, these that we made here at home last week, will remind us of why we have them.
This report details the costs to society as a whole in just one state. multiply this by 50% and it is not hard to see why we are broke. Our broken educational system is not just drain on us financially, it is becoming a national security issue. It was just 40 years ago that we had the highest rates of high school and college graduates in the world. We now rank at 21st. That is how far we have fallen is such a short time.
- We'll gradually be winding down the aggregation activities. No new blogs will be accepted anymore.
The Modern Art of Chinese Cooking is to me the "bible" of Chinese cooking, written, surprisingly, by an American, Barbara Tropp. It is an in-depth, scholarly tome that is fascinating to read and eminently usable if you want to get into Chinese cooking in a serious way. It's a lot of fun to compile a list of basic ingredients suggested here and head to Chinatown with two shoppping bags, which will be full of interesting stuff as you head home.
7 Fun Facts about You:
"I didn't personally comment on a lot of the other boards because they were just personally offensive to me," said Susana. "But I did go over to a bunch of other boards to see what other people were saying, and they were violently defensive: I don't care what any of these Afghani women have to say. I'm looking at it this way because I know better, and I know that this is oppressive.' They really didn't even care what women of color had to say. Like women of color don't really understand that they're being oppressed. They took away any work women of color have been doing for years."
We have been in Kansas City for the past few days with around 850 other Fellowship of Christian Athletes staffers and spouses at Realtime. It was full of encouragement, refreshment and fellowship with people from all over the country.
The Educational Computing Network of Ontario (ECNO) is currently developing a Request for Proposal (RFP) for the electronic collection of all school-generated funds including an online payment solution, related banking and accounting services. As a member Board, the Halton District School Board will have the option to use the results of this RFP to select and enter into agreements with the chosen provider(s), and through the ECNO partnership, receive beneficial pricing for the program.
Well never mind.
Now this was taken outside in bright sunshine which , I think reflected off cream wall back to camera. I have used this image before and I do have a few Male family members who are keen on crosswords so this card will go to my stash .
We're now 12 days into our whole30. There's productive chatter amongst us about what we've been shocked to discover on our ingredient labels - like corn syrup in packaged broth, and maltodextrin in frozen veggies. For me, one of the biggest challenges is the whole30 requirement to not weigh oneself until the end of the challenge. I usually weigh myself 3 or 4 times a week, so this has been a hard habit to break. I know, I know, the paleo thang is all about how you look, feel, and perform. But, I do find that having a general idea of my weight's trajectory can be useful and motivating, and I miss that.
9 Coming Home 5:43
09/11 came unprovoked and without warning, its aim was not to end a war, but to start one and the deaths of those who died were its purpose. More than anything it was an act of hate, pure, unadulterated and visceral hatred, frighteningly a hatred which has not abated but one which has grown. It is the hatred which inspired the attacks on America in 2001, and what they tell us about where we are in history which make them stand out from so many of the other horrors our world has seen
a nearly three-decade career,
Another letter conquered, another pleasant night's drink. What are your choices for F?
I know that all of you readers out there are terribly responsible with your money. You have "savings accounts" and have 3 months of salary in reserve for a rainy day and you are responsible with your credit cards and lose sleep over interest rates.
I love street food. It’s fresh, quick, no-fuss food which costs a tenth of the stuff you find in restaurants. And there’s never this ‘queue for a table’ malarkey, because quite simply, there are no tables. Whether you’re pulling up to a roadside stall in North Thailand for a dried-fish snack, swigging oysters at Borough Market, or being hankered at from left, right and centre by traders in Marrakech offering ‘the best tagine in town’, there’s always enough street for everyone to enjoy their food. So when I arrived as a student in Cardiff three years ago, I was blown away by its thriving street-food scene: the stuff, it appears, making Wales the best home nation when it comes to ethical and sustainable eating.
get an ouchie you need to make "all gone!". The
Parts of life I wish were easier are: my social skills, taking care of money skills, more respect from people for speaking out.
I have no fun photos to post, but I do have something fun to share. . .
Of course the government doesn’t do this primarily through outright grants of money; it does this primarily through loans. And of course not quite everyone gets help from the government. But that doesn’t change the basic principle at work: It’s a matter of degree. Things aren’t as bad as they could possibly be; they could be worse if everyone were receiving government help to pay for college, and they could be worse if the government were doing grants instead of loans. (If things were as bad as they could possibly be, the cost of college should theoretically approach infinity.) Of course, doing loans instead of grants has the added disadvantage that it saddles a large (and poor) subset of the population with crushing debt.
Book #84 of 2012
MEANWHILE, heat oil in large skillet on medium-high heat. Add chicken; cook and stir 5 to 6 min. or until no longer pink. Add peppers and mushrooms; cook 3 min., stirring occasionally. Stir in tomatoes and dressing; simmer on medium-low heat 5 min. or until chicken is done.
Syrin finished his routine and looked at the horizon as he sheathed his rapier. His lips moved as his eyes slowly closed, and his head lowered.
I added the little banner (Spellbinders Ribbon Banners) which I stamped with the sentiment from Paw Prints with Regal Rose and sponged with T Holtz Worn Lipstic Distress Ink. I wish I had my granddaughter's puppies to show in this bed, but anyway... you get the idea. It's fun to take stamping to a different level sometimes.... and this month's sets were just too perfect not to use on this project! Hope you were inspired in some small way to get stamping and maybe even sewing!
It’s not often that photographers include themselves in their own photos. It makes sense since they are usually behind the camera and not in front of it. It takes forethought to create a photo with the photographer included. I set out to make these photos of my hats and I had a lot of fun doing it so I am pleased to show them.
They will NOT be allowed to play on the computer for fun. They will NOT be doing fun educational games that are not necessary to their education. They will not be watching TV for fun. We will limit their TV use to only the DVDs needed for their courses. They will not be allowed to use my Nook for the games/apps. They will not be allowed to suddenly ignore the real books they have & start only reading e-books, so they can use my Nook.
Three Floyds Dreadnaught (Imperial IPA) 9.5%
Dear Mr Rivett,
I can't tell you how much this family makes my heart sing! I've had a couple of opportunities to work with this family this past year and they NEVER disappoint! They are so much fun to work with...85% of the session they are usually wrestling around playing together and sometimes I catch myself laughing so hard I have to focus so I can get the shot!! And the expressions on their son's face when they love on him are priceless...it is evident he knows he is loved.
What is Ultraman? Where does he come from? What is his true identity? What is his purpose here on Earth?
I get pretty jealous of all these lovely lightweight and / or sleeveless entries by people who live in less cruel climates. Right after these pictures were taken my arms got frostbite, gangrenous and then fell off. Continuity-buffs, you will also note that my hair got be-ponytailed during the picture taking. This was due to extreme wind whipping my hair across my face and interfering with that soul-searching look I am sending you through your computers.
D has entered that phase we all dread, known as the "make up your own jokes and subject everyone around you to them" phase. Without further explanation necessary, here are three from the last half hour:
This kind of non-monoticity derives from the fact that practical commitments can be incompatible with one another. This means that even if our desires and the norms we are bound by (our practical inferential commitments) are not directly incompatible (which they can be), variations in our theoretical commitments can mean that the practical commitments we infer from them are. For example, I may desire both to remain dry, and to remain safe, and these are usually incompatible. But in a lightning storm my desire to remain dry will license me to open my umbrella (i.e., (a)), while my desire to remain safe will compel me not to. In these cases one inference must trump the other. If I prefer safety to dryness, then the theoretical commitment ‘I am in a lightning storm’ thereby counts as a defeasor to (a). The possibility of direct and indirect incompatibilities between our practical inferential commitments is the key to both the nature of value and the relation between types of correctness. It is the key to the former because it reveals the possibility of relational practical inferential commitments:-
don’t the dots
So any networking efforts should be targeted at building a list of “loyal” followers who get to know you, develop a fondness for you, and trust you because you’re an authority on something, or stand for something tangible as a personality.
“One year down the line, if you want to have a debate whether she looks the way she used to, then that’s fine.”
There are some totally Talented Artists in this class, and since I am a "Letter Art Newbie", it can be intimidating; however....I kept my chin up and continued on!!
1/2 tea ground cloves
If I am envied now, than I still have much further to go. Perfect. Normal. That will NEVER be enough. A compliment is just a nice way of telling you of how little you are worth.
A little while back I completed my first trade with Brian from Pirates Treasure Room. The primary bait for the trade was the 2012 Topps Wal Mart Drew Pomeranz for an 87 mini Andrew McCutchen. What started out as a simple 1-for-1 deal morphed into a larger trade involving several other cards. The card in the middle is one of my 33 Todd Helton relics, it is from the 2002 Topps set. The final card is from Panini's first card set involving real major league players in a long time. I hope they get better.
The CAF obtained it, flew it, broke it, then rid itself of it.
The conventicle at ‘Woolf-hole-craig’ was mentioned in the Alexander Shields’ Life of James Renwick, which was written in 1688, but not published until 1724. According to Shields, who was quoting from a proclamation against Renwick on 20 September 1684, Renwick had preached at Black-loch, ‘Woolf-hole-craig’ and Greenock. (Shields, Life of Renwick, 55.)
I hope you like it, I was pleased with how it turned out. And it cleaned up my table a little more!
*”I can’t steal her. She’s a person, not a goat.”
Well it's 23:57 (& 36.99 Celsius) & time for me to turn in before my eyes fall out of my head!
Says Don Armando.
So here are the fruits of my labor-
Kim Basinger (The Getaway)
I took a poster-sized sheet of paper and labeled it "Birds of the Aviary," and wrote the first letter of many different birds we had seen there. He guessed (with hints on some) all of the birds and we wrote them in. He asked for a second sheet for me to write more, so I labeled that "Other Birds," and we named birds we knew outside of the aviary.
With a screech, the Ashen girl knocked Emily and James aside and leaped off the ground into a pillar of smoke, which bore her away towards the main Ashen force. None of the Weaver children stopped to watch her leave, however.
For Father's Day this year, I wanted to make something with chocolate and strawberries. So I decided on making triple chocolate mousse cake once more, but this time with strawberries.
*It is possible I saw an elephant. It was about 100 yards away in a raging downpour and I have poor eyesight but it certainly resembled an elephant, either that or a very large rock.
I want to be proud of myself I want to stand in front. Whaz wrong with it?
Work was okay, and I left early to get home for an early dinner before my consultant appointment. Dinner was mackerel salad, which made up for over eating at lunch.
So much, so much - and more to declare, Officer. Of course there are photographs but I haven’t even begun on them yet. These are the pictures in my head.
The visiting team had already scored three times on ours, which automatically made the parents go crazy every time one of our girls was able to break away from the whole and fly towards the goal. When Natasha took the ball and soared, the moms behind me shrieked like banshees.
Be not wretched, pitiful
By the way, we love cleaning for the Elderly. They are a vast resource of knowledge, wisdom, history, culture and humor- to name just a few. I kid around by saying to folks on the way out sometimes that I try to give you your money's worth.. I do part work, part entertainment and part visitation. One way or another, you'll be happy! People invariably laugh when I say that.
Edge Save $.55/1 shave gel 7oz+ (5/6)
(it's about twice as wide as pictured).
No phone, no pool, no pets
I have no idea.
I’m fine, even though I STARED at this all day, I didn’t have even a small bite. I’m firmly committed here, and I know this will work for me as it has in the past. I had a big salad of greens and some tuna mixed in for lunch, all is well.
#111. the social cycle
There was a lot to take in, and some of it I can use at my first party (which has now been moved, so my first solo show is on 7th July), which was helpful. I'm not sure how many meetings I'll make, as they're held in Bognor and I wouldn't get home until nearly midnight and I have to be up at 6am to work. Still, I can but try.
One teacher that I spoke to and asked about his thoughts on the vote of no confidence responded saying, “I ask myself a simple question: has my job gotten easier or harder while he has been the superintendent and have kids benefited or been harmed as a result of his policies and leadership?” Given that, according to this teacher, the answer to the former question was no and the latter was that students have been harmed, his choice in the upcoming vote became clear.
I tend to keep the "big important secrets" under wraps for a while, just to make sure they don't fall through before speaking publicly about them. But because I've found so few women who are willing to share their journey, failures and successes, with a small business, I wanted to try and speak about mine. We've been looking at brick and mortar spaces the past little while. A few "oh we're interested in hearing more" phone calls made, and a much more serious one as of late. We found a space... nearby our home and a great size for starting out. The price and situation seem great, too. The only thing we're not sure of: the location is ~eh, even though it has 30,000 cars passing by daily (!!!), and the "Are we ready?!" freak out. I thought by having Honeybean it'd help satisfy the need for a storefront. It'd give us a few years to get things ready and to plan... but it's done the exact opposite. It's made me realize how much I loved owning my own business and it makes me eager to move on to bigger and better things (all the while keeping the 'bean of course!)
“Well if it’s any of your business, I was going to have a quiet Christmas at home,” he replied.
how are we any different from,say,a china???OH I FORGOT, WE R A DEMOCRACY,SILLY!
4. When it has doubled in size, punch the dough down and divide it into 8 equal pieces. Use well-floured hands here to prevent sticking. Roll each piece into a ball, cover the balls with a damp kitchen towel, and let them rest for 20 minutes.
I did wonder for a moment if Alnwick IPA could match fish and chips better so I gave it a go. I was also curious of how my ex homies back at Daleside were doing and if their product quality had changed. Funnily enough it tasted just how I remebered it but with fish and chips it seemed distinctly malt balanced. My conclusions; St Mary's Ale rocks with fish and chips but Alnwick IPA went better with the wife's Ploughmans. None the less, it was time to move on.
I would be surprised if many Group of 88 members haven’t already consulted counsel, and I would be even more surprised if counsel hadn’t told them the ambiguity of the statement’s language could be made, in a court of law, to show that the signatories were saying things against the lacrosse team. Because of their overall record of statements and actions, several arts and sciences professors would seem to be at least as legally vulnerable as is Kim Curtis.
I can't sell this before the show, but I will let you know that it will be available in this beautiful Randy Higbee floater frame for $725. It can be purchased over the phone once the show opens, by phone, I believe. Email me at kcareymac@hotmail.com if you're interested....
Bella: No you silly goose! You're a CUTE MOM!"
13. Don’t Let Me Down
Mr Riordan’s name may sound familiar–mainly because of his last series that included The Lightning Thief, and followed the story of a young man who discovers himself to be a demi-God. Of course, the main character is not just any demi-god–he is son of Poseidon, the great god of the sea according to Greek mythology. That series kept with the Greek Gods and I found it to be a quick and decently satisfying read.
So here is the contest...use any Sweet Stamp Shop product on any project and submit your entry to me at sue.stoughton@gmail.com with SWEET in the subject line Take several pics and submit them together. You may submit as many projects as you would like to during the entire month of May. On June 1st we will open the voting so that you and your friends and people who owe you a favor can vote for their favorite entry. On June 8th, the winner of the voting will be announced as well as a winner chosen by random drawing....how cool is that....two chances to win. Both winners will receive a $25 credit for shopping at itsalwaysfabulous.etsy.com And since this is our first contest - anyone who submits a project to the contest, will get a coupon code, valid for the entire month of June, for 10% off your entire order at itsalwaysfabulous.etsy.com - just for entering. Does it get any better than this?
Anyway, in order to avoid losing a lot of photos again, or at least increase the odds of having them returned to me, I present to you one more pic that is now locked onto my memory card:
These are just some of the products I have been using from them recently and that Im loving! I also have a soothing oatmeal mask I have yet to try, and a makeup remover that I use everyday. It seems to be a blend of different oils and gets rid of makeup so easily and leaves my tender eye area soft.
Stay posted as next week I will review this new release and let you know if it has revived my interest in a series I once loved.
Indeed, Paul had a heavy burden for his fellow Jews, which brought him back to Jerusalem. At the time in question, Paul had come to attend what has become to be known as the great Jerusalem counsel. He came to report to those who attended what God had done among the Gentiles. While there, he went to the temple to pray. Why would he do that?
It was past 3am when everyone returned to the camp. The whole field was alight with moonlight by then. One couldn’t see many birds during the day in this part of Africa, but at night one could hear sweet sounds of a nocturnal bird. That bird sang from a tree. Shankar wasn’t sleepy. Everyone went to bed, everyone was tired. But the bonfire was lit again. Shankar did go back to his tent though — it would have been stupid to stay outside. But he just couldn’t sleep.
To secure the tufting, you can use short pieces of dowel rods or even large washers. Place your piece of dowel between the two pieces of twine and pull one end over and under to hold it lightly in place. Now pull TIGHTLY to get your tufted look, and tighten down your dowel rod. To tie it off I just tied it in a bow - no knots. This way you could untie the tufting and remove the buttons if, God forbid, the slipcover gets filthy and needs to be washed. I've not had any issues with the tufting loosening.
Never take me at face value because my expressions change.
The Angel Intuition Deck is very positive and designed for use as both an Angel Healing deck and Tarot Deck. Although it is not directly connected to the major and minor arcana, it does comprise of 78 cards. These cards can be used to give a reading and can be placed in any of the suggested formations, which are the Single Card, the Three-Card Draw or the Celtic Cross.
The Lightning Thief – Riordan
There is no link to the contest website. Please just reply back to this post with your contest response and you will be entered into the contest.
Some of the island looks like this.
While some of this land can be considered "national treasures"... unique, scenic, pristine, fragile... a lot of it is generally nondescript. And some of it is valuable for what lies below the surface.
The transfer of 750,000 jobs from the public to the private sector accounted for 71 per cent of the apparent increase in private sector jobs between 1979 and 1997. Under Labour, increased spending on health and education accounted for 37 per cent of job growth (61 per cent in the West Midlands, 43 per cent in Wales and 46 per cent in Scotland). Privatisation and outsourcing led to an expansion of state funding for private employers, as in nursery education and services for the elderly – 1.7 million jobs.
"You're angry
If the league were really serious about preventing head injuries and escalating levels of violence; if they wanted to send a message to all the players that they are watching and willing to act, they would have suspended Shea Weber for his head smashing of Henrik Zetterberg. Even one game to Weber would have been far more of a message to the players than what Torres got.
“I see in the near future a crisis approaching that unnerves me and causes me to tremble for the safety of my country. As a result of the war, corporations have been enthroned and an era of corruption in high places will follow, and the money power of the country will endeavor to prolong its reign by working upon the prejudices of the people until all wealth is aggregated in a few hands, and the Republic is destroyed. I feel at this moment more anxiety for the safety of my country than ever before, even in the midst of war.” –Abraham Lincoln – In a letter written to William Elkin
Duchamp also painted 16 visible cubes on one side with two hidden on the back, on the poster you will see next, scroll down and see if you can see what I see. This three dimensionalisation of each one of sixteen could relate according to the rules of the play chess surrealism, to each players 16 initial squares in the array at the beginning of the game. A cube for each piece even. All three dimensionalised. Its a nice poster for the chess tourney it advertises, that one almost feels attracted to look into the games of the tourney itself and and three dimensionalise them too as a surrealistic chess principle and elaboration of surrelist tradition surrealistically. Furthermore, in Duchamp’s three dimensionalisation perceived in this way as ive mentioned here, one could add the factor of the impossibility of the actuality of the actual story, about their creation being slightly off tangent to the actual reality of its creation, as it stands on the poster, or vice versa, the reality of its creation is off tangent with how it was said to be made! The story that Duchamp created this piece of chess surrealistic painting from a photograph of actual falling cubes onto a net is not born out the precise reality of recent actual tests and mathematics using various software programmes and mathematical wisdom of what is and what not is an actual externalisation of photographic reality. Perhaps Duchamp mean to tell us something here, about the impossible object, the cubes being actual copies of actual photographs of actual ones. This applied to chess in this poster, well it certainly tells us this anyway, even if this was unintended by Duchamp..this applied to chess can teach us not al is what is on the board, not all is what it seems, and what is real, the creations or the creations own dream? Reality if off tangent to what is considered as reality and vice versa, and the tumbling and falling externalise chess squares of initial array, falling into grid pattern net can be idealised and transformed into a work of art where the impossible becomes possible upon another level. The two hidden squares make a calculation, 2 x 16 = 32, each player, 2, has 16 pieces each. Of course we may surmise other invisible cubes behind too, but if one observes one will see only two are hidden with a small part if them showing. We can also seee in this an association with the cube and chess, and I would like to also mention I have wrote on this elsewhere in this blog concerning the Jesus and Mary cubes and their numerical features.
Anyway, I'm finishing my second year.
Update: Ok, feeling better! Terry could see I was a bit grisly about his reaction but he did emphasize that he loved the event, the surprise it’s just a bit conflicting for him when he has his determination set, so yes, I can understand that. Plus it helps that I had a fabulous fast run! Speed went from 6mph to 6.2!! Bring it on!! I’m ready for Jan 21 4M Race!!
It hides our cheeks and shades our eyes--
Heck, even I can't figure out all the buttons!
The story I'm about to tell did not happen today but a few days ago so it's pretty fresh. Not all my stories are of the "it could only happen to me variety" but this one most certainly is. For whatever reason I know no other person this would happen to!
Today's catch!
Kitch Garden, and Kim Klassen.
The story of the Commissioners Plan of 1811 and the effects of the Manhattan grid plan are wondrously illustrated with an extraordinary collection of maps and photographs, documenting the island's almost century-long conversion into a major metropolis. The most substantial, non-printed object is a small marble surveying post.
Speaking of the Packers, the state is way down on the team’s longtime quarterback Brett Favre, who came out of retirement three years ago to play for the New York Jets and then the rival Minnesota Vikings. Only a third see him favorably, and 54% unfavorably. The state may be divided over politics, but Favre is one thing on which Democrats, Republicans, and independents almost exactly agree.
The Mobile Meeting Planner app is accessible from Apple and Android devices. To access it, download the EventPilot Conference app for free from the Apple App Store or the Android Marketplace. Open EventPilot and search for “ARVO 2012” when prompted. If you have a Kindle Fire, your version of the app will be available by Thursday, May 3rd; check the Annual Meeting website for updates.
s.e.
Nice, and I'll take it certainly, but sort of WTF? :o)
and the first of the random. Twitch a dance group whom I looooooooove
thousand
Note that "The T" is on Lower Haight and Magnolia Brewpub is on Upper Haight. As you've deduced, there's a healthy but manageable walk that entails a steep hill to get to the Upper Haight. At Magnolia you'll be rewarded with some of the best beers in town ranging from sessionable cask ales to robust Strong Beers (particularly during their February-longStrong Beer Month.) Be forewarned the wait to get a table to eat can be long (but worth it). Same goes for Magnolia founder Dave McLean's cocktail-centric small-plate destination The Alembic just a few blocks up Haight near the part of Golden Gate Park that tries so damn hard to hold onto the Summer of Love. Alembic's vintage bottle list is a work of art in progress.
Pass onward from Shalott.
it was all ‘stuff’ and ‘things’
Can't blame her.
And it is, of course, wrong to cost all blame on outside forces. I keep a copy of John G. Saxe’s poem The Blind Men and the Elephant and realize how many entities within colleges don’t see the whole picture. Encased in silos with limited vision, they feel the tusk and sense a spear, feel the leg and imagine a tree, feel the ear and envision a fan. And miss the elephant in the room, which is that only by working together can colleges best serve their students.
On Tuesday 14th June we went into Vancouver city again and enjoyed a day of much walking about (good job h likes walking too!). We’d done enough city bus tours by this point so though we took a few pictures of tourist buses we didn’t climb aboard any this time. Instead we walked along the Waterfront and Coal Harbour areas – looking at boats and seaplanes and houseboats and public art. Then we wandered into Stanley Park, visited the magnificent totem poles, wandered some more and then took a regular bus (driven by the most helpful driver – he waited for passengers!) back into the downtown area. There we perused the hugely expensive central art gallery (wacky old surrealism exhibition, interesting new work by a guy called Ken Lum), had a cup of tea and waited for a guide.
Jesus, the Word of God, sealed the deal on the Father’s covenant. Jesus’ life was given to seal the Father’s Covenant that we might be saved from our shame, guilt, & misplace pride. And if we come to Him with an attitude of repentance we have entrance into His Covenant freely forever with a change of attitude and spirit.
That the film eventually provides a supernatural explanation for all these odd occurrences and acts of violence does little to resolve anything. Argento is so good at whipping up an atmosphere of edgy, all-encompassing dread that harnessing this aimless terror to concrete causes is somehow unconvincing. The film never seems to be actually about a coven of evil witches who run a ballet school, even though that's a fair description of its plot. Suspiria is rarely constrained or dominated by its plot; at times it seems almost plotless, more of a mood than a story. That's what makes it so affecting, so unsettling. In typical horror movie fashion, it wraps everything up in the end, driving the protagonist towards a confrontation with the evil lurking within the school. But the operatic excesses and flashy violence of this denouement do nothing to ease the sense of unmotivated fear roused by the union of Argento's visuals and Goblin's music. In the final scene, Suzy grins with relief as she rushes out into the rain, mirroring the stormy opening scenes, but the unease generated by the film lingers well past its supposedly happy resolution.
Matthew McBain and Christopher Crawford said Michael Sona talked about “calling electors to tell them their poll location had changed” and “making a misleading poll moving call,” according to Matthews’ court filing.
Once again a great away day weekend with my rallying friends, Alan, Nigel and of course my travellign companion and chaffeur Ian. Great days and this is what it is all about for me.
Teoh, Selangor executive councillor Ean Yong Hian Wah’s political secretary, was not a suspect but had been questioned as a witness.
If you would like a chance at winning not 1, but 3 paper packs, then get your scrapping supplies out and make a start on the Recipe Challenge we have for you this week
PCW Tag Team Title Match
Have a wonderful day and thanks for leaving me a comment.
COMPULSORY LICENCE
Ms Sullivan also stated, ”We need a culture in Ireland where people – including whistleblowers within the Gardaí – can bring matters to public attention without fear. The aggressive reactions of the Gardaí and the Ombudsman after I brought this incident to light were very troubling for me, my family and my academic supervisors, all of which my lecturers and I have set out in a briefing document explaining our concerns.”
I wish you were here
As per usual, Brandon Sanderson creates a scientific system of magic that takes its form through natural processes. I’m not going to get into how the magic works because that would be a major spoiler; suffice to say that certain rules must be obeyed or it won’t work. Magic is treated like something that isn’t so much supernatural as a part of the world that isn’t fully understood.
And finally - the new #01/25 - FIRST EVER Lt. Ed. Canvas Prints of many of my new paintings (as well as some Valentine's Faces of Faery) are up for auctions starting at a penny now on eBay. As with ALL my canvas prints we can now wrap them upon stretcher boards & add hangers on the back, free of charge. Click HERE to see the new #01 Canvas Prints.
I thought this would be a cute Wordless Wednesday picture and short story to share. I do look forward to checking out your image(s), please feel free to share the link in the comments area! Hugs & Blessings!
Well, today I have quite a lot to do. I need to start working on a book that I’ve been working on for the last month. It’s actually very good, but it definitely needs work once I have the skeleton put together. I won’t go into much detail on it now because so much could change.
It is the one thing
2. Knead dough on floured surgace until smooth. Roll dough out between two sheets of baking paper. Cover and put in the fridge for 30mins.
Here's an underplayed album that probably is not what you expect - The Amazing Adventures of the Liverpool Scene (1969). Looking at the cover, it seems like just another cheap record capitalizing on Beatlemania. A cover featuring a gang of Liverpudlians looking young and hip certainly fits the profile of a low budget Beatle knock off. Thankfully, it's not even close. This is an album of free form poetry about Che Guevara, Batman, and LSD intermixed with talented musicianship.
The number one question I am asked when someone finds out I’m vegan is, “But where do you get your protein?” When I give my answer, a very smart mouth one, “There’s usually seven or more grams of protein in whole wheat pasta, so it’s really not that hard to find,” people tend to give me that awkward silent stare that says, “Well excuse me then.”
we fall for ownership
So I am dedicating this post, to my that-special-person, my cousin, S. I am 12 years elder than her, but I am her favorite "Akka" and she is my sweetie-pie. Right from her childhood (and mine too! You know, I am not that old!) we have a mutual affection for each other, which keeps growing each day. I was (and am) so pleasantly happy to love and be loved by a cousin, as I don't have siblings and I used to be one nasty, mean, b****y cousin to the rest of them ;)
x Amy x
“I heard funny noises coming from Jack and came to check it out.”
Some of you may know that the past months since I graduated have been pretty tough for me. I struggled a little financially because I did not have work after I graduated (but thank God for Joel and my parents, who willingly supported me during that period of time!). I struggled emotionally, as it was hard leaving Arkansas, my home for 4 years, to go to a city that was new to me. And I also struggled spiritually, as I dealt with God’s plan for my future.
Maybe that influenced my feelings towards the matter. One of my fascinations in life.
~Kitty Bullard GMTA reviews
I've been creating non-stop...some successes, some...
To my mind, the foreign mercenary story is just another of these unfounded rumors until we have evidence to the contrary.
We hope to have a very special guest on to talk about happiness and what it is exactly and we’ll preview an upcoming exhibition which deals with the theme.
Storage: Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator, with cling wrap pressed directly onto the surface to prevent a skin from forming, for up to 7 days.
xoxo Ingie
I then placed the photos onto the foam board, careful not to get
While we walked, we spoke about how he knows that the only person who can help him is himself. I just reaffirmed that all I want for him is to be well.
I was wondering why on earth I would have this song in my head. Then it occurred to me that I need to hurry slowly. As with any relationship, slow is they key if you want to build a solid relationship on a good foundation. Once the solid foundation is made, no storms can tear your relationship apart.
I remember the agonizing 2+ hour drive to Duluth. I made it alone. This was not something I wanted Jake to witness yet, as I didn’t know exactly what I was getting myself into. When I arrived at the hospital, my dad’s entire family was there… aunts, uncles, cousins and grandparents all of which I hadn’t seen in years. It was overwhelming. I lost it. The first time I saw him my entire world crashed. I didn’t get a chance to even try and help him or fix things. I just moved on and lived my life.
The jury's out - hopefully for a long time to come. I don't think I'm ready to answer those end-of-life questions quite yet. Get back to me in thirty years or so. Eerie, though, how we hoard our ambitions and put off doing til tomorrow what we should have done years ago. Maybe it's a wake-up call to think of the questions we'll be bound to ask ourselves at the end of our journey.
I know full well that if that ever gets conveyed it will be more in lines of “My mom was mad you told us those jokes.”
A couple of days ago however I was down with an ugly chest cold and just couldn't breathe enough to be comfortable so I took my butt to the pharmacy. LOVE Mexican pharmacies, you just walk in, say, "I want Viagra, Valium, Oxycotin, a couple queludes and um.....an inhaler." and they'll just bag the shit up and ring up your order. NO, I've never bought those things but it's cool that they're there if I ever decided to become a druggie or my hubby goes limpy, and the inhaler part is a plus.
1. When and how did you become a Pampered Chef Consultant? I became a Pampered Chef Consultant in December 2011. I had spent some time in prayer seeking a way to remain a stay at home Mom.
For the mountains of such a fortress reach high
Ahmed Aktar, Lord of the Manningham Manor,
Tomorrow I head to Colorado for a much-needed weekend with Mr. Wonderful. This time, we're hanging in his tiny town in the NE corner of the state. I'd tell you where it is, but you wouldn't be able to find it on a map. It's literally one square mile. The whole place, that is. I'm looking forward to seeing with my own eyes this Mayberry-esque place he's describe to me and sent photos of. Plus I'll get to hang with his boys again and get to know them better, which I'm excited about. I'm praying for cooler weather up there than what we've been having. And since the past couple of weeks have felt vaguely like the surface of the Sun here in Austin, I'm willing to bet it will be nicer up there, even if they're just as drought-ridden.
There’s a problem with the comments though. There’s always something to fix every time I change to a new layout. Any wonder why I do it so little.
The above pictures show it… watch out if you’re in Oklahoma, Kansas, Missouri, Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, Michigan, Indiana, Ohio . Damaging winds, large hail, and possible tornadoes are coming this way , or already over the area.
Speed Ascend Claiming agenda bold Complete 1-1 Cranky’s Teachin’s
Clouzot fills the frame with moody imagery. There is the titular raven, of course, but the film also has a predominance of darkness in the lengthening shadows and the many characters who wear black dress. The contrast between light and dark/good and evil typically reflecting this post-Expressionist pre-film noir symbolism is best exemplified by the verbal face off between the sarcastic and seemingly omnipresent psychiatrist Vorzet and the frustrated and angry Germain while a lamp swings on a pendulum between ‘em. Clouzot’s influence in moments like this was obviously great. Not only did Hitchcock admire him, but the great Orson Welles used similar tactics in Touch of Evil, a full 15 years later.
VPVKJ Blog (vpvkjblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
On Wednesday Sen. Marco Rubio experienced what some of us have had nightmares about. Nearing the end of his foreign policy speech at the Brookings Institution, Rubio discovered that the final page of his notes was missing. Watch his unflustered reaction:
Spring in Sweet November Land is a magical time of year. Sure, there is lots of play and good times to be had but there is also plenty of work to be done as well. And I know a few industrious denizens who love nothing more than to roll up their sleeves and get their hands dirty. Perhaps you will join me on
Reid: jobs, health care and old people
Russia has changed, but at the same time managed to preserve its heritage. The new and the old learned to co-exist and complemented each other. Starbucks and McDonalds, Gucci and Armani, Mercedes and BMWs shared streets with the long-standing Russian tradition.
Julianne Moore (Boogie Nights)
I don’t know what has caused this callous behaviour but I really don’t get it. Maybe it’s because I’m not a very good ‘fan’. Football brings out a bigger reaction in me than almost anything else, but maybe I still don’t care enough. To be honest, I don’t want to ever understand what causes people to act like this.
During the global financial crisis in 2009, while other car companies were struggling to manage inventories and pushing sales, Ang practised an internal safeguard strategy, or vision statement, called “Control the free-fall.”
for me, visual journaling is a way to record parts of my story.
I am naturally partial to the books of the History Publishing Company, Palisades, New York. In a unique book, Custer Survivor, John Koster writers of “The end of a myth, the beginning of a legend” ($16.95, softcover) because, as it turned out, despite the commonly held view that all of the troopers of the five companies accompanying General George Armstrong Custer died at the battle at the Little Big Horn, it turns out that one of them did, indeed, survive, Second Sergeant of C Company, Frank Finkel. This is the story of how he escaped, his ensuing ordeal, and the subsequent years of his successful life. It is, admittedly, a tiny niche of history, but an interesting one. For those who find war reportage interesting, Operation Phantom Fury: The Assault and Capture of Fallujah, Iraq by Dick Camp ($30.00, Zenith Press, Quayside Publishing Group) offers 100 color photos and 10 color maps to enhance a compelling text about the November 2004 operation that, as in most military engagements, did not go as planned. A combined force of U.S. and Iraqi forces was, in fact, the second offensive into Fallujah and involved the most difficult house-to-house kind of combat. This firsthand account of the brutal reality of the war in Iraq is a tribute to those who fought it and those who lost their lives. The 188th Crybaby Brigade by Joel Chasnoff ($25.00, Free Press) is subtitled, “A skinny Jewish kid from Chicago fights Hezbollah.” It is a less than flattering look at the Israel Defense Force, still regarded as one of the most feared fighting forces in the Middle East. Seeking to prove something to himself, Chasnoff, a 24-year-old Ivy League post-graduate decided to volunteer to serve in the IDF, going from would-be warrior to disillusioned soldier who in the end discovers that, according to Jewish law, his mother’s conversation doesn’t really qualify him as a Jew at all. He can die for Israel, but he just can’t get married there! He is the lone American is a platoon of 18-year-old Israelis. This is an entertaining glimpse inside Israel that the tourist board would rather you not read.
"You have sinned and must be punished."
Who is Hal shouting at? Is he trying to save the robot from Hex? I am completely lost here, folks.
Mr. Young tells of the “deep-seated humanism” of a young man who told him: “I started killing at 14 and when you kill and when you realize you could be killed for something that you believe in, you learn that there’s nothing more precious and valuable than human life.”
My morning sickness has kinda gotten worse, the past couple of weeks. But, I have tons more energy for the most part. Which, is fabulous. (Not the throwing up part. haha.) I finally am able to get my booty off the couch and do some Pilates, a bit of Yoga and have power walking days with friends at the park. Last week, I got my first sunburn of the year, while soaking up the sun at the park! Do you know how happy that made me!? Ah! Spring/Summer is around the corner! Yay! Those 3 months of laying on the couch from fatigue and morning sickness haven't been too kind on my thighs. Eeek. I've got a couple of months before I head to the beach. Which means, I'm pretty motivated to walk and Yoga away that cellulite before the waves and the sunshine see my bare legs. haha. Lord help me.
a. “Boasts great things”
The MPI has emerged as a leading indicator of multifamily activity, providing information about the likely movement of Census Bureau statistics on multifamily starts about one to three quarters in advance. Although both series have been subject to short-term fluctuations and temporary reversals, the MPI has generally trended upward since the second quarter of 2009, and the multifamily starts rate has generally trended upward since the fourth quarter of that year.
The end of a conversation about workplace and playground politics...
1. This is our year.
"What?" said the Mister.
Glancing at the television set once more, I saw footage of a plane plummeting toward the ground at uncontrollable speed. As it descended, smoke began to rise from the engines and by the time it crashed onto the tarmac, fire was blazing and the plane had tumbled onto it's side. As I watched it, as if in slow motion, words began to slide across the bottom of the screen.
Elizabeth’s Granny’s Westside looked the part of an old school cocktail in its small juice glass with egg white foam on top. Other ingredients in the lip-smacking libation were a homemade baked apple infused vodka, lemon, lime, simple syrup and soda. She didn’t want to share hers and I was confident I was winning out by not having to share mine.
Other than that, the project pretty much proceeded as planned. It was hard to get everything I needed without attracting attention, but I figured it would all be over soon, and there wouldn’t be a thing CA could do about it.
The two of them sat in the fading light of the living room without speaking for another hour. Laura pulled the throw over her shoulders to keep herself warm, while Hayley tossed the thawing packet of peas into the empty fruit bowl on the table. Neither of them looked at one another, instead casting their eyes around the old family room, resting every now and again on memorable features of their respective childhoods, more often than not recalling the exact same experience, just from a different perspective.
“We are hoping that it will be bring in upwards of $150,000. That goes a long way for us to spay and neuter animals, provide educational programs to schools, as well as do extras and enrichment for the animals who are homeless here at the Louisiana SPCA,” Zorrilla said.
Today I've simply steamed it and then layered it in a delicious open faced sandwich for two. Layered on a crisp ciabatta roll, which has been spread with some pesto mayonnaise, along with some ham, sliced tomatoes and lotsa cheese, this went down a real treat.
There were several show-stopping moments in this show, but LaVette’s version of George Harrison’s “Isn’t It a Pity” was astonishing. While George’s words are deep and reflective, his arrangement is rather lush, somber yet beautiful – an arrangement that dulls the edge of the lyrics a bit. So, LaVette and her band took those very same words and slowed them down, holding them up like a water snake for us to really get a load of the power they held. Most of the time, she barely did more than speak the words but it was her rasp and her slow, knowing voice of pain that made them so powerful. A performance like that knocks an audience right on its ear with the emotions that such immediacy can create. Here, as in most of the other songs, the words took on several new magnitudes of sharpness when LaVette sang them:
I'll spare you the gory details, but let's just say it was a sketchy crowd that night
( Hopefully! ) Soon we'll have a home and I can put some of these ideas into action. Until then, keep up with my pintrest to see just where my head is at! Check out my pintrest to see the original sources to the above images, and what else I've been pinning lately!
Have you ever used heat transfers with graphics? I've been doing it for years...long before there was ever a Silhouette machine! And speaking of Silhouette, I treated myself with a little surcie by purchasing one of these babies when they went on sale this summer! I am so excited about learning about this machine and finding some good projects. If anyone has ideas they would like to pass on, please send me the link!
Mesdan shakes himself awake and alert again, drawing his eyes up and away from the dream shell. Darkness has surrounded him completely. The glow of the shell shimmers for a few more seconds and then fades away. His heart begins to pound and Mesdan becomes terribly aware of how alone he is in the darkness. It takes a few deep, calming breaths to remember his purpose here.
There is an unfinished part of us that is reaching out to become satisfied or whole and this gives a temporary and artificial substitute. A common feature of ecstasy clubbers is a need to escape from themselves which in a healthier age would have led to a mystic journey in solitude as eremites counting their beads and communing with God. In our degraded times they are prey for the hard-headed business people who use any fashion to make money out of their own people.
For my cards, I used papers and images from Club Scrap. I hope you enjoy :)
Overwhelmed, I cannot pay attention to him. I resist her delectable pull and focus on him once more.
I am really pleased about this one, even though YA is not something I do a lot of. But here's an excerpt from my intro anyway!
My favourites shelf is a shelf of quirkiness. Inexplicably enjoyable, not sufficiently aligned to any one genre. The books that I remember most fondly are all a bit weird in one way or another. They're pickled eggs, well, some are gherkins or onions. Little wonder, then, that my first ebook, Peril, is undeniably a pickled egg. There's too much of me in it to be anything else.
- Pour cake batter in a greased and floured baking pan, or non-stick pan. Bake
The best boundaries we can live by are God’s boundaries, not ours. But how do we know what God’s boundaries are? Who’s to say who’s right and who’s wrong, who’s in and who’s out, who’s free and who’s in prison, whose space is God’s space?
this may have resulted in your every available surface looking like Swiss cheese......
Till our hearts turn,---our head, with pulses burning,
but remember there is a price to pay
How does it happen?
“Pumpkin beers are any beers using pumpkins (Cucurbito pepo) as an adjunct in either mash, kettle, primary or secondary fermentation, providing obvious (ranging from subtle to intense), yet harmonious, qualities. Pumpkin qualities should not be overpowered by hop character. These may or may not be spiced or flavored with other things. A statement by the brewer explaining the nature of the beer is essential for fair assessment in competitions. If this beer is a classic style with pumpkin, the brewer should also specify the classic style.”
The Half-wayers put their conscience on indefinite leave upon unspoken orders from their rich employers or sponsors. They always look for other unhealthy means to release their internal frustrations, disrespect, and disgust. These vents might include: eating; sex; violent sports; consumption; or peer socializing.
To an entertainer, an empty theater is the saddest of all things. It is a shame more films are not as beautiful as Sylvain Chomet’s most recent masterwork, The Illusionist (2010). This is a film that is doing more things than most people will ever realize. At once it is a fable for the aging arts and it is also a fitting farewell from a film legend…from beyond the grave. Zombie movie? Like Chomet’s extraordinarily imaginative The Triplets of Belleville (2003), The Illusionist is an affectionate exploration into the world of vagabond vaudevillians and destitute dotards, but its tone is decidedly more somber and poetic.
And so are the butterflies.
Unfortunately, it seems that America, a land where you could walk down the street without worrying about ever hearing those two phrases (unless you were guilty of certain heinous crimes like being swarthy in public) is as quaint a historical relic as those Saturday UHF reruns.
Middle child: I don’t like skim milk at all.
07 ON YOUR OWN (Billy Squier) 5'22
I remember the beginning of the night. Working from before dawn, I'd joined Mr Nights for HH drinks at five, making the rookie mistake of not partaking, snackwise. We pushed on to a steakhouse bar, looking for professional ladies similarly on the prowl. (That would be bankers, lawyers, accountants, not the other kind of professional you perv.)
Other mothers said that if they married, their household income would rise, costing them government benefits like food stamps and child care.
said.
We need to wake up and smell the roses and stop feeding the machine.
A – Para 7.20 states that – “…there is no single system of procurement which should be preferred in all circumstances…”
For OSU, this period has been the last few years of Poke Basketball. Eddie Sutton's descent into alcoholism, prescription abuse, and scowling disorder, has been a difficult time for Cowboy fans. Indeed, the problem became so great that Eddie had to resign from his head coaching post and pursue other activities (Campaigning for a Strom Thurmond National Memorial? Drinking as much 3% Beer as the human body will allow? Gambling in OK's many Indian Casinos? Okie Noodling? A BearMeat Editor could speculate on such things for days). Regardless, Sutton's exit was hardly the triumphant farewell of Ronald Reagan, or the graceful fade away of Marlon Brando, but it was full of sound and fury, signifying nothing. Such disgrace is unbecoming of so noble a school; an unbearable truth, yet it must be endured.
It was a gorgeous production - dream-like and full of wonder. And the playing was real - each new performance, we discovered later, was ever so slightly different: the performers continued to experiment and explore even after dozens of shows. Though the show was aimed at the over fives (Littlest was lucky enough to go with her school class), it's entirely fair to say that both Eldest and I got completely lost in the performance. As the lights went down towards evening, and the dancers sat and gathered around a single amber light which floated around them like a firefly, we wanted nothing more than to light a campfire and bed down for the night.
They sidle over to the garden,
Of paramount importance is that people keep things in perspective. It is a fucking television program. In the scheme of American history, the Occupy Wall Street movement — and to call it a “movement” would be generous were it not for the fact that my bowels have movements — will carry greater cultural significance than any TV show could ever hope to impart. Perhaps people could just settle the fuck down a bit and quit acting like Hollywood nepotism is a harbinger of a burgeoning totalitarian plutocracy or that the casting agents fended off auditioning actors of color with fire hoses and German shepherds. Chill. The. Fuck. Out.
Patrick Duffy, Cardiff Airport’s Managing Director adds: “We’re pleased with Vueling’s announcement to operate a further two routes to Alicante and Palma, in addition to the previously announced service to Barcelona. The Spanish low cost carrier will be a welcome addition to South Wales, and will offer our passengers the chance to access some of Europe’s leading holiday destinations from their local airport. In addition the airline, which has a very high profile in Spain, will also give Spanish passengers the opportunity to visit Wales. We look forward to the start of the airline’s operations from Cardiff from the end of March, and trust the Welsh consumers will support these services.”
During a lovely long summer about 10 years ago a bunch of guys formed a bunch of new friendships. And out of those friendships came 10 minutes of film. 10 weekends of hard work, 10 weekends of joy.
Located on an uninhabited rock island off the coast of Koror in Palau, Jellyfish Lake is one of 70 saltwater lakes on this South Pacific archipelago that were once connected to the ocean, but are now cut off. It is notable for the millions of golden jellyfish which migrate horizontally across the lake daily.
Now for the spygate issue that was brought up again on ESPN today. I have not addressed this yet on my blog, so that is why I am doing now. It will be the only time I post about this because it is old news and not really important anymore. First, why is this still being brought up? It was 2007 when it happened yet people act like it’s still a current situation. As a Patriots fan, this is way beyond beating a dead horse. It was five years ago, move on. Also, when the haters say things like “they haven’t won anything since spygate hahaha” you pinheads that try this shit are desperate. Since spygate here is all the Patriots have done: win the AFC twice, win their division four times (the only time not winning was the year Brady got hurt), win at least 10 games in each season since, have an undefeated regular season, and have the most wins of any team in the league over that period. So if you don’t count all that then you are right they have not won anything. Anyone who wants to use logic understands what the deal is. It’s the crybaby losers who are still bitter about the Patriots beating their team years ago that are bitching. I guess they will never let go of this story because they they will never get over it. That and they are desperate to insult the Patriots so they hang on to this story. But like the saying goes “haters gonna hate.”
You’re welcome and Happy Sunday.
There were a lot of pretty vintage hairstyles on the carpet which I really loved, and some severe looking bangs. This year's theme was definitely Black and White. Black and White were the 'it' colors:Milla Jovovich wore Elie Saab and looked positively gorgeous. Check out that stunning 1930's hairstyle. A lot of 'best dressed' lists have her at the top this year. While I really like the gown, it just doesn't beat out some of my other favorites.Even royalty got the message to show up in white: Here's Prince Albert of Monaco and his wife Princess Charlene.I was thrilled that Ocatavia Spencer won Best Supporting Actress. I have mixed feelings about the Tadashi Shoji gown. She has apparently been very loyal to this designer all awards season, but I'm not in love with it. However, I can find no fault with the fit, and I think it flatters her figure. Guiliana Rancic's Tom Ward gown was flattering, although I thought there was too much going on.BingBing Li's George Chakra gown was very pretty. I'm not sure this image picks up on the textured gown covered in flowers. The part I didn't like? The transparent stripes running up each thigh.Cameron Diaz in Gucci. I really liked this gown and the dramatic train. There were some fitting issues with her basque top right at the waist, but overall one of my favorites out of the white category.Kelly Ripa also looked great in this gown. I can't figure out who designed her gown, and now that I'm researching it I'm finding out that the gown is actually pale yellow. Huh. I'm leaving it here in the white category.So now we get to the black evening gowns. Gary Oldman's wife Alexandra Edenborough looked gorgeous in a Roberto Cavalli gown.Kelly Osmond sported this Badgley Mischka gown. I didn't think this was a stand out gown, but it's very flattering and fits into the black category.
BAD AS ME
“We don’t want to get the other side of it,” he said. “We want to stay as we always have been — family oriented.”
“Come with me,” he said and waited for her to rise. He showed her the way and followed at a distance saying where to turn and when. After many twists and several changes in altitude they came to a secure level and Mr. Big let Tina into a large room. The room was well appointed with vibrant Digipost wall boards and a pool table centered in the space. Tina had never seen one before. She walked up to it and touched an orange ball, tapped it with her fingernail, then rolled it gently on the green cloth.
The Iris are at their peak right now. And they are plentiful this year--seldom have I seen more. We were two months late in getting our Winter rains, but for some reason the Iris have responded with a bumper crop of beauties.
Some may argue that one can not compare the situation in America to that here as the two societies are so different, and maybe they have a point, the black community in America has existed for around 300 years and have lived as free men for almost 143 years, or some five generations depending upon one's definition, more than enough time, one would have thought to adopt the culture of their new homeland, however as events following Katrina showed us, culture is more ingrained than that.
She was the first woman in Arizona appointed as an Assistant Attorney General, in 1948.
I can totally see why this race gets voted one of the best of the year by the Chicago Area Runners Association. It's well organized. It's a nice course. And, it's a great way to remember what Veterans' Day is about as opposed to just a day off work or school.
I got it, right away, and the last anyone ever saw of that yardstick was it’s maiden (and short-lived) flight from the second story into a very thick hedge.
The mechanical pencil says...
'Phoebe's Fabulous Oatmeal-Raisin Cookies'. My daughters love the TV show 'Friends'.
My point is, don’t go to a job interview with the mindset that you’re trying to win the Emmy for ‘Best Actor in an Interview’. Instead, go with an undecided opinion on whether you want to work for this employer. Ask what you really want to know and don’t tell them what they want to hear. Tell the truth, get turned down a few times. Turn them down yourself when the job isn’t for you. When you find the company that takes your answers at face value because you’ve given them honestly, then you will have had the truly successful job interview.
All you can do is try to keep up and kill as many of the little rat bastards as you can. I often think of the slimy politicians we have while performing this task, particularly the scum that our raise taxes and take my liberties away.
as I try to
Copic Card Challenge
Santorum: This primary is like David vs Goliath
10. La Ragazza Del Padre (01:45)
Saw friends’ and former colleagues’ empty places;
Just received a notice for the upcoming Maine Brewers Festival and New Hampshire Brewers Festival… put on by the great people at Learn Your Beer. While the New Hampshire festival is coming into its 2nd year (the first year was a great success), the Maine festival comes into its 17th year.
Let me give you an example. Recently I was in the market for a new printer because the cartridge holder in the old one had broken. We’d managed to fix it with an elastic band but once the item was damaged, it was somehow easier to see how much we were spending on ink cartridges and how little we seemed to be getting from each one. So I was reluctant to replace like-for-like but couldn’t really see that I had many options for a home-office printer.
I spent my long weekend catching up with my old friends zubrowka and piwo.. and a few other people. Ate all my favourite foods, went to my favourite places, and caught up with some of my favourite people. When I left Poland in June I had no idea when I'd go back and see everyone, but leaving this time was easier knowing it really isn't over. Being there too reminded me to keep on top of my Polish at home, after just a short time it's already degraded quite a lot, so must get on it and stop being so leniwa!
"Yes, but I think it was just for her headache." If there'd been a human at the other end of the voice, Rel would have heard frightened uncertainty in it, perhaps even desperate hope. Tasteless to put on an act like that, but would a Wilder realise? Maybe she'd trained to navigate Sherim instead of training for the finer points of First-Realm manners.
The best part of quilting is using the beautiful things I've made, everyday.
I don't think it would be possible for anyone to walk in and drag off any of the bombs that are still scattered about. They are way too heavy for anyone to manage on their own. My concern is that they might be sabotaged in some way or that they could detonate somehow by accident. I hope they clean up this site soon. Everyday I drive down that road and I say a few prayers.
Paul Wilson, Jr. is a "Dream Catalyst" and Marketplace Pastor for leaders and entrepreneurs. He is driven to lead people to unleash God’s potential in their lives through their purpose, passions, and professional skills. He equips leaders with creative, faith-based strategies to flourish spiritually and professionally, while operating from several multi-media platforms, including TV show host, inspirational speaker, and stimulating writer. Paul is the President of Kingdom Business University, which utilizes workshops, consulting, and coaching services to ignite Christian catalysts maximize their God-given mission in the marketplace. He is the author of the life purpose igniter “Dream B.I.G. in 3D: How to Pursue a Bold, Innovative God-Inspired Life!” He is also the host of Passion in Action, a motivational and educational faith-based Internet TV show for social entrepreneurs, business leaders, and community change agents. Contact us today to learn more about how he can help your business, church, or community to thrive on purpose!
Maisa: What are you, woman? I was just kidding. Really now, if people opened your brain, they’ll be surprised to see some bit of decaying matter.
What now
Did I buy the cloth labels for the bags? No I decided not to make more than a few bags, and then immediately set about making hundreds!
Anonymous, confidential HIV/AIDS information in English and Spanish. Referrals to appropriate services, including clinics, hospitals, local hotlines, counseling and testing sites, legal services, health departments, support groups, educational organizations, and service agencies throughout the United States.
(Now I'm a little disturbed that he's okay with my dying as long as he can buy junk at the dollar store.)
If you’re leaving, so if you’re leaving
All totaled, my six self-pubbed novels have sold over 235,000 copies on Kindle. And I made twice as much money per copy sold as I did on my legacy ebooks.
Lord Harrington died the same morning. For him, the hell wain has come after all. In his will – the one he had meant to destroy – tormented by guilt, he was admitting to his triple crime; he was recognising Christopher as his son and sole heir and was leaving to him – if he were still alive - all his fortune, but only under the condition that Christopher would produce his mother’s ring as a proof of his identity.
Mary has made the best choice, something that can’t be taken away.”
Marlene frowned. I definitely didn’t like where this conversation was going. Making a silly doll for Junior was one thing, but the way Riva put it, this could actually put us in a spotlight glittering with trouble just over the stupid superstition of it.
with my Staples markers (black, grey, pink, & brown)
Scallions, finely sliced
So, I'm Writing While Waiting to hear back from a select few unbelievably amazing agents. And, if my YA novel isn't the one to gain me new representation, I have little doubt the novel I'm working on will. Over confident? Maybe. But, it's how I feel deep down in my gut.
To tell you the truth, I am a little afraid that the new book will take that away from me again and instead create flavour by enforcing all kinds of restrictions. It’s also a valid strategy. It’s just not something that I find interesting or inspiring. I think a good book should let me play the army I like, not the one everyone thinks I should be playing.
Not only does Charles whisper enchanting words in my ear, he has me locked in quite a firm grip. You know that "thing" I have for hands, and this particular poet wins the Nobel Prize for Manly Hands this evening. Oh, look, he's wearing a pinkie ring. Love that. Not only are his hand nice, his feet are as light as his words. I so adore the dance of words on a page. After I disengage my self from Mr. Simic's lusty hold, and steady myself enough to walk across the floor, I am thrilled to spot my good friend, the amazingly spry George Bernard Shaw, waltzing with a striking woman. Could it be Vita Sackville-West? Oh, Vita, daaaling! Or might it be the beautiful, enigmatic Virginia Woolf?
I made my own enquiries with a solicitor and he was very sympathetic, but told me that I’d need a five-figure sum to consider bringing a claim.
find food, get water,
Encounters With The Unknown: Eyewitness Stories By Journalists
Isn’t it weird?
Sometimes ethical. In this case, there has to be consent on both ends, as well as low expectations of psychological damage on both ends. Yes, there’s an obvious ick factor for most people, but that has nothing to do with ethicality.
Stock put away.
Firstly, the beer lineup was a disappointment and of the 21 beers listed about five were Rogue and its many affiliates (Eugene City, Issaquah, Green Dragon) and one (Bridgeport) didn't even show up.
But still – what to call it instead of Coach? “model-helper”, “model-assistant” or what do you think?
Like I am holding my breath.....unable to exhale.
We made our way up to our room, (we may or may not have become slightly lost, I couldn’t possibly comment! ) and were immediately struck by the lack of a projector. We rummaged around but there definitely wasn’t one, so we panicked slightly before getting the giggles and sitting down to wait for our audience. At some point we realised we were in the wrong room! Cue more giggles, and a mad dash to find the right room before our audience arrived! We found our room, complete with projector. Yay! Except that on this occasion Denise’s geek skills failed. She tried numerous ways to do whatever technical wizardry was required but all to no avail, and the workshop attendees were starting to arrive. We exchanged some panicked looks, but there was nothing left to do but to go with our original winging it plan. Denise was awesome. She charmed everyone and was her usual helpful self, answering questions and cleverly explaining things in a way that enabled people to understand a different point of view. It wasn’t a huge workshop, we weren’t the most popular subject on the list, indeed as I understand it a lot of the delegates didn’t really understand why home educators were even attending, but by the end of our workshop, and by the end of the closing discussion with all the conference attendees, we’d made some great contacts, and had opened some minds.
Last year Riverpark farm produced 3,500 pounds of food. This year Riverpark farm will provide the restaurant with 165 different varieties of vegetables.
Ha! Not everyone can watch TV for this long!
so, in the wise words of barney stinson, i stopped being sad and became awesome instead.
¦ For every undocumented immigrant deported from Travis County after being arrested for a serious felony, two people were deported after being arrested for some type of misdemeanor, from traffic violations to more serious offenses, such as assault or drunk driving.
What I want from my glossy:
Since the airline tickets student discount but acknowledge they have paid to be reached in the tokyo airline tickets student discount is to protect and secure cameras, lenses, memory disks, flash units, etc. some photographers prefer to insert their well organized camera bag may be very reasonable. Try booking on-line to see their loved ones.
Two weeks ago, I posted with a challenge on accepting oneself, letting go of perfectionism and giving ourselves a break in life from our own inner critic….ahem, I should say giving myself a break from my own inner critic. Last week, I posted on how I’d failed that challenge and what it might actually mean to give up the “I’m not good enough” dialog. It’s a toughy. I have to say, I still had my inner voice this week, but I did find myself stepping into appreciation of me, of my life, of my job, of the people in my life and every time I looked at things from that perspective I had to stop and say–wow! and really did find myself incredibly grateful for my life and all that’s in it right now.
We can keep talking at length about painful concessions, but as long as on the other side we have blood-thirsty psychopaths capable of knifing an 11-year-old child, a four-year-old boy, and a baby who was just born, such talk would mostly be futile.
The Gods are angry and ancient Greece will suffer their wrath! The Doctor, Rory and Amy face the mighty Zeus himself in Part Two of the new comic strip adventure, The Chains of the Olympus, written by Scott Gray and drawn by Mike Collins.
There’s so much space out here. You go miles and miles without seeing anything man made. Going at such a slow pace and having to work for every inch really makes you understand how huge this area actually is.
While this is going on, Michael’s brother – Link the Sink – generally wanders around Panama with his odd shaped head, having drinks with assorted people in hotel bars and cafes trying to organise the escape from the outside. It’s all very boring and time filling stuff which is rendered utterly pointless in the first episode of the fourth and final season (which incidentally, I think it brilliant, despite what most people say).
with a little about yourself and what teams you are on, also a link to your blog as well.
–$650 million for digital TV coupons
elaborate plan in place for this.
Mr Bolt was found guilty and is no longer allowed to comment on the matter or he will be prosecuted. So much for freedom of speech here in Australia. You see, those nine didn't like it when Mr Bolt suggested that they identify with their Aboriginal heritage above all else so that they could get access to the perks that Aborigines are entitled to. Australia spends billions on Aborigine affairs each year so you can understand the why's. There are also numerous NGOs and other do-gooders with their palms out for some of the free tax candy - and of course it's in their best interests to keep Aborigine affairs strained to keep the money rolling. And until we drop this PC nonsense and stop the recognition of the first-in-the-country with special rights, then this issue will never go away. Australia and many other countries were conquered back in the day. That's what Countries did - they conquered and no amount of trying to appease what happened will change history. Years from now they'll be looking at our PC lunacy in the museums and wondering what on earth possessed sane, intelligent people to self-destruct. And the answer will be: "that's what they did back in the day"....
Well, with that said I hope to be touching base more often. Peace out.
Nay, it is the twinkle of sunlight off a photographer’s telephoto lens that holds the answer.
to the agents.
Novel Teen is a group of bloggers dedicated to spreading the word about clean teen fiction. Check out other posts about Replication: The Jason Experiment by Jill Williamson by clicking on the links below, and check out the Team Novel Teen page for more information about Team Novel Teen.
4 thus
Overnight I heard from Spain is that the wing will be allowed for this race, but a clarification from the FIA ill ban this interpretation for future races. However this morning conflicting stories are emerging. Andrew Benson from the BBC reports “Ferrari have been told they cannot run their “clever” new rear wing design – it exploited a loophole in the regs to do with overall height” (@andrewbensonf1).
(I know, I know)
The most interesting part of this exercise for me is how my applying the described process produced such a good image. I believe that this illustrates the point that there is no better substitute to overcome tacit knowledge other than actually applying oneself to doing the exercises. This simple fact is true for any discipline, especially the technical ones.
U Fleku Pub Restaurant & Brewery U Fleku "House Beer"
contacted were reluctant to
She stopped intermittently to gather my pre cum on her finger and bring her coated finger to my nipple where she spread my nectar on the hard pink button and resumed her suckling, this time licking my precum from my nipple. She continued this cycle of collecting, spreading and sucking for a long time. I really couldn’t tell how long as I was lost in a delirium of smoldering desire.
big
It’s important to note that Wade came into the fight with a record of 0-1, and he was knocked out in his only previous fight. So it’s not like Kimbo beat a particularly impressive opponent. The fact that Kimbo was fighting an 0-1 fighter at a casino in Oklahoma on a card that wasn’t even televised indicates that promoter Gary Shaw knows Kimbo has a long way to go before he’ll be a legitimate fighter who’s ready for public exposure.
Official Closing of Registration: May 15, 2012
The phrase “smart growth” has a liberal connotation, but that label is unfairly given. Smart growth policies benefit everyone. It is not a partisan issue; at least it shouldn’t be a partisan issue. Conservatives often attack smart growth policies, but I think this is a result of a misunderstanding of the impact smart growth policies can have on a community.
Sandi’s said her pancakes were perfect, fluffy and delicious. My corned beef hash was outstanding. At most breakfast places, corned beef hash comes out of a can. But it was obvious that this corned beef has was made fresh, with tiny chunks of potato nestled into a perfectly seared bed of finely chopped lean corned beef. The eggs were large and perfectly cooked. Even the toast was better than I expected.
My old coworker and friend, Noel and I went to see Lion King on Broadway which brought back many memories for me. I had forgotten that I owned Rhythm of the Pridelands, the soundtrack for the broadway album many years ago so each song was very familiar. I was reminded of performing The Circle of Life shortly after the movie was released. I collaborated an electronic version of the song on my keyboard with African type instruments and performed it at the VA hospital. My sister helped me get the timing right. I remember I struggled for a long time with the collaboration of all the sounds and the timing until she literally took me by the hands and made me dance it out. I was probably 11 years old at the time. I remember she wore a handmade African skirt she received from some friends she met from Africa while serving an LDS mission in Athens, Greece. She wore that skirt to my performance.
(4) Michael Wincott was the voice of Death.
Loring says Young soon bowed out. But Charles Tiffany proved to be a marketing genius.
One member of an anti-immigration party in Britain stated that to be called racist in 21st-century Britain is “the same as being branded a witch in the Middle Ages.” He’s probably right, which means that anti-racism has quite literally become a modern witch-hunt.
~ And just hanging out at the pool , reading or swimming and just having the best time with my kids!!
One of the advantages of traditional employment that self-employment tends to lack is division of labor. In a traditional setup, you have marketers, developers, analysts, investors, financing and other departments that break up the task and allow people to get more done overall. If you’re considering going into business for yourself, it’s important that you understand this option is not necessarily going to be available to you. Sometimes several people buy into a franchise together, but by and large the individual operator is the unit of ownership.
Recently I spoke on the same platform with a Tory and a Liberal. They said they would abide by the result of the referendum. I said I wouldn't. I would always listen to any argument for the continuation of the union if one can be found. I have heard none except that change is bad. I asserted a principle. That Scotland is a nation. Nations should govern themselves. Can anything be clearer?
Obama: He ran on a platform of apology to foreign enemy powers for past American "aggression" and pledged to usher in a new approach toward Iran that would bring better relations between the U.S. and Iran.
Prior to beginning this blog, back when I was only reviewing on Goodreads, Doug was the very first author that ever approached me and offered to send me a copy of his book to review.
The Israeli government’s policy of connecting settlements to already scarce water supplies and restricting Palestinian movement and access in Occupied Territory, including establishing a secondary road system to separate Palestinian and Israeli traffic makes matters worse.
Studying the shoes and their chronological sequence is an interesting peek into my shoe psyche. Although I clearly show a frivolous side early on (lime green pumps), I stick to mostly brown, black, and, the classic, red for the first few years. (Not pictured here are two pairs of black pumps, a pair of khaki pumps, and one pair each of black and khaki slingbacks that I wore to death.) As I progressed through the Maslow hierarchy of needs (red, black, and brown shoes = the physiological needs and safety), brightly colored shoes met my requirements for love, belonging, and esteem, until I finally reach self-actualization with a pair of freakin rad plaid pumps.
I will skip track again tonight and try again. Another short, easy route. I will stretch and foam roll. Maybe run just a tad more and see if the soreness gets worked out. I’ll keep this up, slowly adding more miles, then try for one more ten mile run next weekend. If it’s terrible I will have to skip the race, but if it’s not, I’ll go for it!
But Koh then called Samsung’s argument “dubious,” given rebuttal evidence presented by Apple regarding its ability to keep up with demand in the long term.
Interns are expected to work with live and pre-recorded transmission, online archiving, asset management and platform development. Social Media (twitter, facebook, linkedin, wordpress, google +) plays a crucial role on De Hoeksteen’s overall activities and it is part of the internship’s tasks.
After dodging bullets on a first date, Savvy must sneak, deceive and spy to save her family and friends and figure out if Malcolm is one of the bad guys before she completely falls for him.
And ... these little dancing wonton flowers just bloom ... 18 of them dancing gracefully on the plate.
We had a great week getting a taste of of olden days. It started with making starwberry jam, 2 batches since the 1st didn't set. We'll use that as pancake syrup.
Roy Campanella - Baltimore Elite Giants
Daniel 1:18-20
Look at the stance, the confidence, the grin. He doesn’t even look down. This is a man who knows what he’s doing, and I feel more confident now than ever that this is the commish for the future.
Now this is not Gospel it varies according to the whims of the Gods.
I still have.... oh, EVERYTHING left to do in preparation. Like pack. Pick up foodstuffs. Load the car. Oops. But in my defense, this day has been a full one with a session in Illinois taking most of the morning, and getting kids lunched and down for naps taking the rest of it thus far. Still-- I could probably NOT sit here blogging and get packing instead... But isn't it funny how when we want to put something off, we find other things that need doing? Ha!
As a contrast, we always handed out one present at a time and everyone ooh'ed and aah'ed over it so the gift giving took a while. Neat. Orderly. Controlled.
The Government is pedalling the idea that there is an excessive health and safety culture, which is an albatross around the neck of British businesses. As a result, they’re proposing to abolish large numbers of health and safety regulations. The Government’s intention is that health and safety regulations will be reduced by a third – rising to over a half – over the next three years. The current consultation on this reduction ends on 4 July, 2012.
On November 28th, 2011 a massive radiation storm hit Earth’s electromagnetic field — a direct hit from the sun’s Earth-facing side, exaggerated by the Northern hemisphere’s attitude to our solar parent. Freak storms have been experienced in the last week in all northern latitudes — from Southern (!) California to Oregon to the Midwest to New England to the mid-Atlantic ridge (including Iceland), following on previous eruptions in the Canary Islands (El Hierro, November 10th), and Nyamulagira, Congo. The current European and Asian storms stretch north through Great Britain, Orkney and Scandinavia to the Russian steppes. There have been spectacular aurorae borealis.
We cannot let our republic, our beloved republic, our constitutional republic, our free and free-speaking republic, be hijacked by fear. It happened once in the Emergency. It must never happen again.
You're strong.
Bake in a greased round or square 8 or 9" cake pan, sprinkling the top with sugar, if desired...or in muffin cups (approximately 8 muffins). I made a double batch to take to a party last weekend. I love mine served with sliced, sugared berries and milk. Serve with whipped cream or ice cream if desired.
Inspite of hist discomfort we have spent the majority of the day snuggled on the couch watching quiet movies, watching children sled down the hill outside the window, and watching the flurries erase the evidence of their fun.
-2 tbsp cumin
Désiré (France…Sacha Guitry)
Another place that people seem to have a unique ability to ignore the rest of humanity is the self-checkout line at the grocery store. Granted grocery stores do a terrible job of clarifying where people should line up, but most people figure it out. Inevitably, when the store is busy and people are lined up, someone will cluelessly, or so they pretend, stroll up right behind the registers and jump the line.
So here is 3, their third and final record. Less rocky than the previous album C, it's perhaps the band's essence of beauty in one encompassing package. If I had found this in 1997, when it came out, I don't think I would have appreciated it nearly as much. "Balloon" finds me hitting the repeat button over and over; other tracks reek (in a good way) of Red Red Meat and other Tim Rutili/Califone sounds. Chicago guitar dude Bundy K. Brown plays on a track or two (he known primarily for Tortoise and the other John McEntire scene bands) too.
I love planning and organizing family events from picnics in the park to themed birthdays. They are only kids for a short time and I want them to have amazing childhood memories. Too soon they will be racing to a practice or a date, battling teenage hormones, or trekking off to college and we will not have the opportunity to relish in their childhoods and live it to its fullest. This “party” was inexpensive, fun-filled, and most importantly, a memory maker.
Artwork: 4.3/5 - As you read the manga, we see that Sakisaka Io has made subtle changes in her style. The characters definitely become more good-looking and harbours a fluffy feel. I must say that her monochrome pages are more appealing compared to her colour pages (typical of manga artists). Sakisaka-sensei’s artwork is very recognizable and I have grown to love it more and more. The scenes are laid-out so well which enhances the touching and cute sensation the manga delivers.
- Dill
A2 card
Michael Oliver (Problem Child 2)
3. The eddy has a core of warm water, and rotates clockwise as it moves west across the gulf. Clockwise-rotating eddies in the northern hemisphere are called anticyclones.
January 20th @ 6:30 in my studio. Class fee is $20.00. Let me know if your interested in attending.
"Hi Patrick. Will it be the usual large coffee with cream and sugar, and two sugar-coated jelly donuts." I said,
I ordered these black Celine clog replica shoes from Lovely E-Gallery in late April 2011, along with a number of other items (shoes & apparel). The process took about a month and I received my shoes in late May 2011. Everything else in my order was fine (except for another pair of shoes where you could see the guidelines for the cut outs on the material of the shoes), however, I received my clog platforms in a pretty disgusting condition.
YTD listened to: 274
The first week I was home my littlest El- Leeland, was so sweet and clingy. Constantly asking me to hold him. “Hold you, Momma?” How can I resist that? But, he is over thirty pounds, so holding him while doing everything else can be a bit challenging. Making dinner, for example is nearly impossible. But, we’ve figured it out. This week he has asked me to hold him less and I think is feeling more and more confident that I’m sticking around.
According to CNN, what will come next after Georgia - will they attack Czech Republic?
“Since then an insignia of Wojtek carrying an artillery shell, has adorned the uniform and vehicles of his comrades in the Polish 22nd Transport Company. At the end of the war Wojtek retired to live at Edinburgh Zoo, and there are still those who can remember him enjoying cigarettes there.” Bears swigging beer and smoking fags – that would no doubt be classed as animal cruelty nowadays.
Become a role model
There weren't much food places at the mall, and most are already familiar food places for me. One restaurant that is "new" to me was Hong Kong Kitchen something... and we wanted to eat there so we can also include Chinese cuisine to our list of food choices, but the place was already packed with diners. I surely didn't want to eat at Jollibee and K didn't like McDonald's, so we went for Sbarro.
Unfortunately, I have to leave my wonderful husband and two dogs for a week (sadface). My husband is literally my best friend. We can talk about anything. I can dance like a fool to Super Bass in the kitchen while cooking dinner and he doesn’t judge me. Match made in heaven? Umm yes!
Tien Tzuo, former chief strategy officer of Salesforce.com and the founder of Zuora, claims that as an economy and a culture, we are rapidly moving away from owning tangible goods and, instead, gravitating towards becoming members of services that provide us with experiences – such as listening to a song, using a car, watching a movie or collaborating with our colleagues.
Day 4 was my first day at work on the Reset and it went pretty well. I ran out of time in the morning and had a Shakeology for breakfast and it kept me surprisingly full all the way until lunch. Lunch was the LifeGift Joint Council Meeting so I had my lentils and salad while everyone else had their awesome looking Pot Belly sandwiches but it’s okay. The lentils weren’t as good the second day by half. They were actually a little gross. The lime that made them so great on Day 3 was blech. Dinner though…OMG coconut oil is my new favorite cooking tool. There were veggies stir fried in coconut oil plus quinoa and a salad and it was AWWWWWWESOME. The coconut oil made the veggies taste amaaaazing.
Let's be honest. Conspiracy theories just scream "Picture book!".
Netizens who saw the CF fell in love with her charm, and left comments such as, “The daughter who is smiling so brightly, as if she is having so much fun driving, is so lovable,” “Just watching this lovable CF made me laugh,” “The father and daughter look so affectionate!” “I wish I had a daughter like that. The model who plays the daughter is cute and refreshing,” and “The daughter’s innocent expression is so refreshing.”
At the age of 2 years Neil had a difficult time crawling and he wasn’t gaining weight. He was diagnosed with mixed cerebral palsy and was the size of the average 10 month baby. At 5 years, Neil was struggling to walk as his grandparents walked behind him and kept him from falling. For nine consecutive months, doctors had a series of casts on Neil’s legs to straighten them. When the final cast was removed, Neil never walked again.
So, since a lot of my readers are women, maybe one of you can answer this for me: Who has convinced you all that you need $300 hairstyles and gobs of makeup and blindingly overwhitened teeth and overstuffed boobs, just to look attractive? And why? Besides the obvious 100 billion-dollar-a-year cosmetics industry, I mean. Women are smart enough not to fall for that marketing crap, aren't they? AREN'T THEY? Why the obsession with perfection? It's easier, cheaper, and more likeable and real to just be who you are. And don't tell me you like to wear makeup because it makes you feel good about yourself when you look in the mirror and see someone beautiful looking back at you - you ARE beautiful without all that stuff, and if you think you're not it's because you've been brainwashed by the 100 billion dollar marketing machine. And don't tell me that women like Jenny are lucky because they're naturally beautiful and you could never get away with not wearing makeup because you're not one of the lucky ones - you ARE beautiful, and if you think you're not it's because you've been brainwashed by the 100 billion dollar marketing machine. Okay, maybe you could do without that giant hairy mole on your nose, but that's the exception - if you have one of those, get it removed. Otherwise, just be happy with who you are, and learn to like the way you look. Because you're beautiful. And I'm a man, so I'm kind of an authority on the subject of beautiful women.
Thunder began to roll
As the proud mom of a boy I'm always on the lookout for books that celebrate boys--so today I'm thrilled to announce our latest craft book, Sewing for Boys. In this first-ever "boys-only" sewing book, you'll find 24 projects—ranging from sporty to dapper—to create an entire handmade wardrobe little boys will love. The projects/ patterns span all seasons and also include specialty items for playtime, art, and "on the go" accessories. The clothing (ranging from baby to age 7) is comfortable, durable, and completely unique. From a retro button-down shirt and suspender shorts to a just-like-dad robe, these 24 sewing projects will keep the boys in your life dressed with style year-round. My favorites are the fisherman hat (shown on the cover) and the treasure-pocket pants that feature the biggest pockets ever for boys to fill!
A plate of canelés were handed around and I admit I didn't believe it at first when I told they were made by Mr Egg. Canelés are one of my favourite treats, custardy baked pastries with a dark and chewy caramelised crust. The mixture is made from milk, flour, sugar, rum and vanilla.
Here's how you can win a bundle............
Being a girl of a certain age, I can quote practically all of Disney’s 1989 The Little Mermaid. When the soundtrack came out the following spring, it was THE gift to give. Shortly after that, I was gearing up to go to Spain for (what would be) my last summer visit, and my friend Sarah made a cassette copy for me to take.
To make a long story short (too late) we spent the majority of our Tuesday evening ironing purple candle wax off the bedroom carpet with paper bags. Although everything within 10 feet of the "incident" still smells like lilacs, I am pretty impressed with how it turned out! Assuming our apartment manager doesn't read my blog, I don't think we'll lose the security deposit over this one. phew.
like a blackbird
Merrell. What? Did you say it looks like a penis?
I DID, however, get to join in on a true, real, honest to God traditional Norwegian Julebord, and it was an awful lot of fun.
~C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity, p.169
Dani Plassitz is making heads turn in SL with Mirette. The gown comes with three skirts, two tops and two gloves, so you may chose your version of how to wear it. You can add a little extra glitz or tone it down a bit. But no matter how you wear Mirette, you will be gorgeous!
I wrote two posts about my "family of origin"
Because of the new and redefined categories of circulation on this FAS-FAX report, ABC recommends not making any direct comparisons of March 2011 data to prior audit periods. The 2010 and 2011 data will be presented in two separate sections in the March 2011 FAS-FAX report.
In the city’s melted furnace, unexpectedly we watched
"Dan Krokos's debut FALSE MEMORY, featuring a girl with no memory who discovers she's a genetically altered weapon of mass destruction and must uncover the truth of her identity in order to save her city, to Catherine Onder at Disney-Hyperion, in a significant deal, at auction, in a three-book deal, by Suzie Townsend at FinePrint Literary Management on behalf of Janet Reid at FinePrint Literary Management (World English)."
You deserve this, you have paid all your dues
Sing out, children, as the little thrushes do---
God has the power and the authority to fix us all, but rather than forcing us to conform to His ways, he gives us a choice. He gives us the tools and the direction, but He does not stand over us nagging us to change. He loves us more than we can imagine and yet He gently guides us. He does not get angry when we do not change as He would prefer. We should all follow this example of how our loving Father allows us to fix ourselves.
Amit Bansal answers, During all appraisal meetings, future expectations are talked about. That would be an appropriate time to express your desire for a promotion.
Preheat the oven to 180°C.
This list goes on.. but one thing remains the same.. in EACH instance.. a FLASH into high frequency was seen 1-2 days BEFORE the storms hit the places directly with tornadoes. Each time the above occurred.. this was documented.. screenshots taken, and videos released. Search my past videos to see all the previous reports:
They lower me to the floor. They give me a treat. Then Mom and I leave.
And with typical 3AM clarity, it came to me - I have to take ALL the fringe of the necklace, and start over. All the fringe - not just the last round. And it has to be done carefully, so as not to cut or damage the underlying sterling silver crochet structure. And then, all those seed beads will have to be sorted, so I can start fringing again. Sigh. That's a LOT of seed beads.
“I don’t know,” replied Pete, “that doesn’t sound like much.”
Oh yeah, I get to go watch my dad do a tree job today! I'm SO excited. He's a logger, so he's all about climbing trees, and junk. Well, sometimes he does tree jobs (cuts them down and extracts them from peoples yards) when he's not working. Well, he got a job for today. The guy who's tree it is, is working today, and Dad wants me to come with him. As a "call 911" spotter. Nice, eh? I'm there in case it all goes South, and he needs to be saved.
Who needs video games when nature can be so entertaining.?
Eat small mini-meals
Fiskars- bold flowers 8x8
For more information, you may contact: Kathy Palmer
When times get tough (you know, like now…) government won’t be there for you to lean on. It Will Be Too Busy Leaning On You.
- The election takes place on the 2nd day of the AGM starting at 9 am.
We have an energy addiction. To me, I see us wasting the most energy in our homes. We all need energy; it is the foundation of everything we do. We need it for transportation, cooking, manufacturing, lighting, and especially for entertainment. We must use our energy resources wisely and there are many things we can do. In our homes, we can focus on turning off our appliances or buying energy efficient ones.
Even I am amazed at how much detail I can take in of what is happening to me.. Every kick, blow, cut and scrape, I feel. I can see the faces of the angry mob, the brotherhood of insane okada riders, who like moths drawn to a flame, have now drowned me in a sea of heads, sticks cudgels and petrol.
Last week I was incredibly blessed to be able to travel to Florida and spend time with people who I have only had the pleasure of getting to know on-line through a blog group. Even the two women that I “knew” I really didn’t know until this group came to be. It was a gathering of women who were specifically chosen by God, the time was ordained and anointed by the Holy Spirit. You may ask how I know that and I would tell you that this thing had the finger prints of God all over it and we felt the Holy Spirit, all of us did.
Final thought for the day: am I now (1) religiously taking aspirin OR (2) opting for Nick the Vic’s life support strategy? I think you know the answer to that one.
And you should certainly expect more from the United States Navy, that's for sure.
1) How long have you been riding? And what made you start? I`ve been riding since 2004, I saw BMX freestyle on TV, it made me curious and I just had to try it… I don`t feel sorry for doing it… But my mum still tells me to quit it every day!
A Toyota Sienna minivan involved in the single-vehicle crash on I-80 at the 251 mile-marker has been positively identified as Steven Sueppel’s vehicle, which was being sought by law enforcement.
$2 or $3, it IS really hard to resist these!
When Vera discovers her former fiancé Jack (Mailhouse) recommended her for the job, she is outraged. But over time Vera appreciates the gesture, as she grows close to both Jack and his young daughter (Wynn).
Muesli As You Find It
However, she’ll soon be taken well out of her comfort zone, as she’s dragged back in time to the year 2012 and finds herself in pursuit of a fanatical group of terrorists bent on starting a war.
So what does missions have to do with our lives? Our lives were designed to be consumed in worship of the living God.
In 2010, WordPress disabled blog features including tags and categories which drastically reduced Internet traffic to Apartheid Fort New Zealand blog.
I see you,You see me.
Eddie Bennett - New York Yankees
I started eating whatever I wanted. And what I wanted wasn’t healthy. Things like ice cream and calorie rich Mexican dishes. And even in the 2nd trimester when my energy returned, I still didn’t work out. I didn’t work out my entire pregnancy. I was so miserable, even though I was relatively healthy, but putting so much weight on my small frame was hard on me. I’ll spare you the gory details.
I pay your wages
Everything is weak and absolutely incredulous in BLOOD MONEY. Firstly, the term BLOOD MONEY refers in normal parlance to the amount to be paid to a victim’s family in return of immunity to the perpetrator of the crime involving the victim. This movie’s story has nothing to do with this. It is supposed to be a theme related to fraudulent deals in diamond trade: because there was a movie called BLOOD DIAMOND which dealt with murky happenings in the diamond business, this movie has been named BLOOD MONEY.
3. My vacant time was absolutely wasteful and boring! (Not even BM-ing)
unschooled child's learning. Unschooling parents have to actively
I then cut a layer piece at 3 7/8 x 5 1/2 and rounded the edges and pop dotted sweet little Abby which is cut at 4 1/2 plus the layers from the Sesame Streets Season's cartridge. Isn't she just happy and full of life? So cute! I added some fun flowers for the bouquet from the Flower Shoppe cartridge and they were cut at 2". I also added some perfect pearl mist to the flowers to give them a shimmery look. It's hard to see in the picture but I really like that shimmery, pearl effect.
*3: The mPCIe 2.0 x1 slot is located on mPCIe Combo™ expansion card.
Ten years. Have I stressed that enough?
something garden-y and beach-y. wait you know what, who cares about my wedding, i’m more concerned about my hen’s nite out.
I have the most striking beautiful flowers.
Satanists are persistent little buggers and apparently make up a good fraction of the state of Texas.
These muffins were absolutely scrumptious. The raspberry flavour was quite intense, which according to Antony is due to using frozen rather than fresh ones. They were also still nice and fresh the next day.
Lucy Hely-Hutchinson is currently studying in the Sixth Form at Benenden School and is a long-time member of Poetry Club. She is the 2011-2012 School Poet Laureate and has poems published in Agenda Broadsheet, Grey Area (a newsletter created by the student body)and A Piece of Cake. She was shortlisted for 2012 Christopher Tower Poetry Award with her poem Postcards, the title poem of her short collection performed at the school Literary Concert. She recently read at the Agenda poetry evening in Mayfield.
- As a Union leader, Desmond is very much in a position to fight for worker’s rights. He has the resources to get things done quickly – which goes to explain the speed of which the Job Center got setup
“Tweens?” Julian snorkeled with a roll of his eyes. “Is this how you spend your time, CoCo, conjuring up post-adolescent jargon that only you and your fellow PTA alumni can comprehend?”
Reluctantly we trudge back down the dirt track as the mist rolls in and the temperature drops.
I am passionate about music and family. I also enjoy laughing, traveling, cooking, writing and taking naps. I’m a pretty easy-going guy and I like setting reachable goals and achieving them. I love to play, watch and follow football, basketball and soccer.
To help me through the day
Then add a tiny sea shell, or smaller button on top of it.
The fighting mailman wins and helps repopulate the globe by impregnating another man’s wife. In the end, the United States is back and regular looking people are dedicating a statue to him. In essence, it’s like the end of civilization never happened. I just hope that Tom Petty got to keep his cool house on the dam.
It was me and Kate, online on Facebook, hungry and had no one to eat with, it was our off… we decide to meet at Jollibee Mangahan… and off we went to have a sumptuous meal at Dencios… then hung out… then Sam started joining us on our way home, me and Sam get out at the same time–Kate, 30 minutes earlier… and then the next off, it was the UP fair, the same drill… we 3 are hungry and we need good food… we went… and there we were at the middle of Sunken Garden, on the grass, eating Rodic’s Tapsilog–I had bacon–while watching some bands play…
The decision follows a complaint by a Department of Transport official that the use of her tweets by newspapers constituted an invasion of privacy...
In other words, Britain and many countries in Europe are going to find out what it is like to live as Israel has lived since its rebirth in 1948. Britain is going to find out that being hated by Islam it is not because of territory, of occupation, or of settlements, but rather more simply because its indigenous inhabitants are not of the Islamic faith and must therefore be converted, dominated, or killed.
we are opening the CAMP WANDAWEGA SOUVENIR SHOP.
Leaving the house at 6, getting to the hospital at 7, operation scheduled to begin at 8.
New to Word press? Whether you’re a beginner or a professional, you’re invited to get involved in my Weekly Competition to help you meet your blogging goals and give you another way to take part in 2012 Water Dragon Event. Everyone is welcome to participate, if your blog is about photography,Videography, Graphic Artwork Or Writing .
I guess one way to try and get a bomb past a pat down at the airport is to put the explosive INSIDE the jihadi's body...you know, implant the bomb next to the guy's spleen. Well, that's apparently what al Qaeda is working on and counter-terrorism experts are concerned about it.
”Oh. What’s your name again? I can’t seem to remember right now.”
Herbal tea so it is not caffeinated.
This past weekend was the first weekend I've had off and been able to sleep in for three whole months!! It was delightful and flew by in a flash. Friday night I was on such a high for some reason and after working ten and a half hours was hyper all night!
Jackson hesitates. He’s really been trying to appear “normal” to his peers. No one needs to know how hard he’s been working to keep his dark nature under control. He casts one last glance at the woman then heads over to where several of the Guardians from the Seattle field office are sitting.
For those who are more adventurous and would like to try their own hand at making cleaners. I am giving away 2 copies of the e-book. All you have to do is go on over to The Peaceful Housewife look at her scents and them come back here and tell me what scent you would love to try in your house. This giveaway will be open until 9am Friday, September 9, 2011. I will be using Random.org to determine the results of the winner. Good Luck.
I remember the Night I was passed out at a party, and starting to spin from all the beer I had been drinking when the song "The Fool on the Hill" came on. I was thinkin I might make it OK until the part that features a recorder flute thing and Paul or John singing :
Leave me a message with your daughter's name, age and YOUR email address if you are interested in participating in this project- you can also email the info if you would rather michellebrownlow@yahoo.com
Fires make me perspire, too.
What a difference a year makes…
This later edition of the book opens with a series of reasons for why you cannot argue with Dawkins' conclusions. This does strike me as a little defensive, but it is handy for getting your point across to the sort of reader who picks up a famous book but then finds they cannot actually read it al the way through. This way they can pick up a handful of easy quotes and spurious conclusions from the introduction and then enter into pub and dinner debate as if they had read and considered the book in its entirety.
Here are the details from Scrapbooks Etc.'s newsletter:
Jeffery Deaver managed to entertain me even though I had pretty much decided I wouldn’t care for the book before I even started reading it.
If we believe it...It will be created...
at the disappearance of fictitious characters.
You can see some of the finished animations below:
We have made some very good changes in our house and they have definitely made an impact on our boys as well! They see us making the healthier choices and they want to copy our positive habits! Yay! With a new diet, I have had to become very flexible with my meal plans because it's not always easy to plan a day's worth of meals with a busy schedule, preschool, sports, and being a wife and mother! And we all have busy lives, so I'm sure this is tough for most of you too!
I am over the Bronchitis and have control over my asthma - finally. With a squirt squirt of expensive nasal spray medicine, puff puff of another very expensive inhaler, and then a swallow of an outrageously overpriced pill for my acid reflux issue, I am feeling 100% better!!!!! BUT, I have to stay away from places that are "smoky" or where the air quality is not "good" for the moment, so as to not trigger a relapse. Right now we are in the midst of a tropical depression dumping rain on us - and to last for several days, possibly a week, per forecasters... so the air should be cleaned of most pollutants...other than mold - that's a killer here...but I can deal with that with a pop of Zyrtec... I am still a walking pharmacy, but at least I function!!!!
Schedule: April 17 to mid-October 2012
The organization offers a horticultural training program that teaches would-be small farmers to do raised-bed French intensive organic gardening. Local people with no or little income who are sitting on a wealth of family land can put their inheritance to good use, with the market for their wares provided by Foothills Connect’s Web-based ordering system.
wrapped with mohair yarn and dressed in tulle, handmade fabric and a hand-dyed silk ribbon
It caught on. On May 1st of 1867, the workers of Chicago implemented a general strike which brought the city’s economy to standstill for an entire week. In 1872, the building trades workers of NYC struck until they won the eight hour day. But despite national popular support, and a slew of toothless legislation aimed at pacifying the labor guilds, the 8 hour work day remained a dream for the majority of the population.
It is not all about the music business, musicians and bands need to have that foundation in their art, their songs, their creativity and the love of the dream and the goals they have. However, if this is more than a hobby and more than a part time thing, the music business side of things does have to take a big role.
Why? I was writing outside of my voice. I was Jack Black trying to play the lead in Deadwood.
Look beneath the recent war fears, and Little Satan is in a stronger position than ever. Its per capita gross domestic product rivals Italy’s (at $31,000). The World Economic Forum’s Global Competitiveness Index ranks Israel sixth in innovation capacity, just after Great Satan. It is behind only Great Satan and China in the number of companies listed on Nasdaq. Militarily, Little Satan is the region’s superpower, with an armed force that could easily defeat any of its neighbors (in any imaginable combination GsGf Editorial notation). Great Satan aid (Congress recently moved to add $1 billion for Little Satan’s missile defense program to the president’s budget) enhances its military edge. She also has one of the world’s largest new clear arsenals, estimated at more than 200 missiles. At home the wall along the West Bank has essentially solved the problem of Palestinian suicide bombing, rendering Little Satan safer than at any point in her history.
14. My horse must lose (Portugal the man)
As I said, I am recently discovered, so I’m still learning and haven’t tried any traditional “gluten-free” cookbooks, but when I find some I like I’ll make an update post. Feel free to post some of your favorites below!
If we manage to win the National title town will be even crazier than last night!
Barb from Turtles and Tails shared this easy tutorial on how to make these really cute bulletin boards. This is just the thing I'm wanting to make to sit above my desk. I'm very much a visual person and if something's not jumping off the wall, in my face, I don't or won't remember it. Thanks Barb for linking up. Great idea and tutorial!
Anyway, enough of the cooking stuff. Here’s a couple of pieces I’ve made over the last few days.
A non-Blood Angels land speeder
“Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, called to be an apostle, separated unto the gospel of God.”
"Is there anyone taking this table?"
Aroma: The first impression is of lightly roasted grain with some biscuit and a touch of green grass. The second visit introduced a hint of buttered corn and a bit of a tang. The third nose-dive revealed no new suprises.
No top athlete has ever said that being a gymnast is a breeze. Just as it is for writers, it takes years of practice, of ripping skin and muscle, of putting yourself out there to constantly be evaluated before you can ever hope of rising to the top and getting noticed by those who appreciate your sport.
Moreover, there are many reasons why spot gold rebounded back towards the $1650 level within hours of the otherwise disappointing Fed statements on April 25 and headed higher the next day.
Suffice it to say, it wasn't my best parenting moment, but we've learned that my son is very good in the face of an emergency which includes watching his mother turn an inhuman shade of green-white, as her eyes roll back in her head and her normal self disappears from conscious view.
Videogames the newest and youngest art form is unique. Unlike music videogames are often less personal a guy playing GTA isn’t a dirty drug dealing low life. Someone playing Manhunt isn’t a psychotic killer. Videogames do something no other art forms can do. They take you and place you in situations and environments you could never delve into in real life. They transport you to a world limited only by the technology and imagination limitations of the artists.
Here is some great advice from a person who had to leave New Orleans. His advice not only spells it out really well for folks in Houston (BROTHER, YOU READING THIS?) but also has wise advice for you Austinites.
Today, we live in the age of instant gratification. Success and failure can happen overnight. You do not have to wait a lifetime to become a success and attribute all that you did over time to it. You put your case in front of the audience and the verdict is instant. In one way, it’s good since that allows you the time to step back and act on your next endeavor before a lifetime has passed away.
LET cookies cool in pan for 2-3 minutes then transfer to cooling rack
And this is it! Featured here initially will be a reproduction of “Mainly Concerning a Hobbit”, but there’s already another piece in the works, and more stories knocking around in my head besides.
Experience/Evidence
Published on: Apr 22, 2010
Give the award to 15 blogs you follow regularly or have just discovered
3. Appreciation and new found loyalty for certain businesses. It’s nice to know that there are still companies out their that care about their quality and level of customer service. These companies that use mystery shoppers are making sure they are delivering the best services or goods as possible and ensuring their employees are working up to expectations. I find myself appreciating these companies that use mystery shoppers. Because they go that extra mile to follow up on themselves and care about how their business is run, I actually frequent these places a little more often.
Think about one of the greatest hoaxes in human History;
The EU has made cooperation agreements with the Islamic Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization, which aims — according to article 5a of its charter — to spread Muslim ways of thinking and living in the entire world (Charter of the Islamic Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization— ISESCO).
Are you a wealthy comer to this place of rest, meals or portal to the other world? Go ahead and sit down in that chair, yeah the one with the back to the canvas. Let me place this plate of food down in front of you, when you go down to get that bite, WHAM, a sledgehammer to the top of your head! See, Kate's Father or her Brother, would be waiting behind that curtain, sneak up on you when you were not expecting it, with the thirst of murder in their minds. Though it has been said the amount that was gained from the murders was only $4,600, so it was widely speculated that the Benders actually killed for the thrill of it.
Being contented and grateful for what you have is an important aspect of positive thinking. Thinking about what you don't have will only make you worry and lead you to be more dissatisfied with life. Focus on the positive in life. When you are contented, you are also motivated to achieve your dream.
Novi Novog - viola on "Losin' End"
* California State University, Chico * California State University, Dominguez Hills * California State University, East Bay * California State University, Fresno * California State University, Fullerton * California State University, Long Beach * California State University, Los Angeles * California State University, Monterey Bay * California State University, Northridge * California State University, Sacramento
- Set goals with deadlines for your creativity.
Sadly, the most exciting hand that was played, and the one that pretty much cemented my lead, was at the expense of Todd. (This next paragraph will include poker talk. Please jump down if this bores you to tears. That is OK with me.)
The Card Kits will be mailed to you every month for as along as
For those who don't know his story, Raul has Epidermolysis Bullosa. He is 19 months old right now, and has lived his whole life in hospital isolation. Due to financial hardship, the hospitals are not able to purchase the supplies he needs, and so they isolate him to try to help prevent infection. Knowledge about EB is not common in the area where Raul lives, and they have been very open to learning. Children with EB are often called "butterfly babies" as their skin is as fragile as butterfly wings; they get blisters and wounds from pressure and friction. These blisters can occur on any membrane (skin, eyes, GI tract, etc.). Raul is currently refusing to eat more than one bottle per day, likely because of the extreme pain he is in. We give him infrequent Advil, but his pain is much greater than that can alleviate.
I really want to find out how this scam operates. I have a London address from the first email with the Western Union wiring instructions: 7 Albemarle Street, London W1S 4HQ,United Kingdom
do-ray-me-fa-so-la-ti-do, “Do, a deer…” and I imagine we’ll watch The Sound of Music before bed.
bear's the only one in the fam who has one, so i wanted to capture it.
This is one of those projects that I've been meaning to do for ages, seriously ages.
In reorganising my kitchen to accommodate the recycled cabinet on Sunday, I allowed the blender to fall. I discovered today that I had broken off one of the lugs that hold the cup in place. Damn! See, that’s the result of not enough coffee.
I imagine how painful these marraiges or relationships of convenience must be, where both parties are clearly disconnected from one another, and probably relating to one another solely on what they can offer each other, or what their score card is, rather than from a place of true love, compatability, or spiritual growth.
Crying with trumpet voice, Arouse and beware! Beware and arouse!)
These few spears so are growing so big and tall – they’re way over 6ft already. Lucky it is next to a fence so it doesn’t get in the way too much. Last year they were still pretty droopy ferns but as they’re getting thicker, they’re standing up more.
After non-Hispanic White Americans, Hispanics or Latino Americans constitute the second largest ethnic group in the United States. This is because just like Hispanics and Latino Americans, White Americans are composed of many sub groups! In fact, since 1565 people of Hispanic or Latino Heritage have been continuously present in what is now the United States. Today that presence is about 16.3% of the total population of the United States which translates to over 50 million consumers.
13. Allow the floor to air dry thoroughly. Do not force dry. This stage is completed when the floor is clean, dry and neutral pH7.
Butterflies were in short supply that day, but did turn up a Viereck’s Skipper for the first time this year.
But the lunch was great, and the conversation never stopped
Will God allow his children, his kingdom co-heirs, or the trophies of his glory to be overcome or destroyed? “Fear not, little flock, for it is your Father’s good pleasure to give you the kingdom”.
And his life was never the same.
That Gentry, 18, will be collecting a paycheck makes him a rarity in today’s working world.
As far as I can tell, I get to say that I won for the best parenting blog in the Blogger's Choice Awards. ;)
There's a slideshow on the new Atlantic Yards web site (dubbed AtlanticYards.con by Lumi Rolley of NoLandGrab.org) that purports to show the current conditions of buildings in the project footprint. While some conditions are current, others are decidedly stale, thus obscuring renovations or new signage.
Saturday 11th February
Brian Lumley -The Disapproval of Jeremy Cleave
Yet other memories, when we step back into them, we find ourselves right back there, fitting snugly back into our younger skin, our smaller, more agile bones, with perhaps a more inquisitive or sharper mind, living that so-called past it as if it was the here and now, living a life with more time yet to come than time that has passed by.
Where the realistic idea concludes
She doesn't mind handling breast milk. Not that I'm providing it anymore, because I don't have a pump. But when I did, it was never an issue. You wouldn't believe how many people do have an issue with this.
Whatever you do, do not let ‘not having anyone to go with’ be a reason for not going travelling.
I do not. I don't believe in insurance.
I would be lying if I said I am still not hurting, though. He is such an amazing guy and I know from experience how committed he is to relationships and how well he treats the woman he is with. I think what hurts a lot is knowing that all of the affection that he used to send toward me is now going to be given to her. He is treating her like a princess now and not me. Also, he takes relationships very seriously and I know he has been choosy about who he dates seriously, so I would not be surprised if this relationship ended in marriage for him.
of white fire, words like waves
Let me know what your view is! Should mums be allowed to terminate newborns?
I hope to receive more info on artist and writer Eva Vargas.
during that time, i walked around the store in a haze, like in the movies when everything is blurry and kind of slow motion because all i could hear was her screaming.
It’s very important that we take a moment here because what I have just done, I believe, has never been done before, comedically speaking. It is the comedic equivalent of a quadruple axle in figure skating. I have just played a hand known now and forever more as…THE TRIPLE ENTENDRE. Have you ever heard of one? Me thinks not. Yes, indeed, the triple entendre is alive and well. The triple entendre not only says oodles about the limitless talent of its creator, but it also says something about the reader. Think about it, the name – SWEET DODO – can be read, rightly, in any of these three separate ways.
The full colour map was originally going to be a fabulous double-page spread in the first UK edition of the book. But in the end it had to be turned sideways and reproduced on the inside front cover to conform to the more traditional paperback format preferred by the main UK booksellers. The Muse still thinks it looks fabulous, and younger readers with sharp eyes should have no trouble counting every single hoof print, though older ones like Katherine might need a magnifying glass to see all the details.
At any time of the year this is a wonderful place for wildlife photography. This I think is the Common Darter.
Zachary Hamilton comes from a family endowed with special gifts. He has them as well and it has cost him everything. Zachary doesn’t want his gift and his family doesn’t think he should have it either. To “return it” is to die so Zachary and his love, Nick, have been on the run from the Hamilton family since they were teenagers. Living as fugitives has been hard and each time they think they are safe, the Hamiltons find them yet again. Then Zachary and Nick land in Los Angeles, California and their luck seems to change. A benefactor appears out of the blue, offering them a store for their antique business and a place to call home. And for a while they are happy. Until a bullet shatters their lives and Nick dies in Zachary’s arms.
Mark's muscles were getting tired. He'd been on his perch for over an hour and his legs were starting to ache. His target, Heather, had come home one day with a giant wicker nic-nack, and had decided that the best place for it was on top of the wall separating the kitchen from the living room. Of course, when she decided that, the wall went floor to ceiling and it would be Mark's two month project to knock out the wall just above the cupboards, minus the load-baring beam, and finish it so it looked like it was originally built that way. For his efforts, Mark was afforded a perfect spot to ambush Heather with his foam-dart gun.
203+ - Total (month-to-date as of Dec. 17)
Mix cream cheese, artichokes, cheeses, mayo, garlic, basil, and parsley in a medium sized bowl.
I told my therapist to take some action against the daughter or do something to help the poor parents and she did try but failed. Even a police report would worsen the matters in their case she said with such pain in her voice. It troubled me. We are still thinking how to change the situation. The woman is well to do so the monitory condition is not the reason.
I just couldn't resist.
One good turn. . .gets most of the covers.
Simply because someone states 99.99999999999999…99999% certainty does mean that they have faith or that they do not know. We know so many things about the world around us (however, in the grand scheme of things we hardly know anything, but we still know certain things). We know 2+2=4. We know water boils at 212°F (100°C). We know the Earth is an oblate ellipsoid. We know of over a hundred elements in the Periodic Table, and we know how to make some of them. We know that evolution is real. We know that the Bible and all other holy books from the world’s religions are complete bunk.
Lew Lewis & The Perfect Day
“We were moving some items of interest which will be the last saving grace for this town. Even though the last of the inhabitants had left years ago, some returned to pick up the pieces of a past life long gone. We have 450 residents and 300 ex-Free Earth Movement members–all mercenaries now. They agreed to stay behind and defend the city till you two got to the Express Tunnel.” Schuyler revealed quietly. “What we did to cover our tracks is nothing short of suicide. But it’s the best we can do in case things go awry.”
As the global standoff over Iran's disputed nuclear drive intensifies, life in the Islamic Republic has become increasingly hard for its citizens, who are suffering from the effects of a battery of hard-hitting international sanctions, Shai said.
I read an article by Joyce Meyers that had this one sentence in it that really made me laugh – at God. The sentence read, “One of the surest ways to know if you’re operating in the flesh is if you’re frustrated all the time.”
New Converse. I have 3 pairs of Converse already but somehow I need these Aqua Blue ones. Since I graduated college I have worn Converse maybe 3 times. What is wrong with me?
The suspect is 24 years old, of French nationality and says "he belongs to al-Qaida," Gueant told reporters. He said the suspect "wants to take revenge for Palestinian children" killed in the Middle East, and is angry at the French military for its operations abroad.
I snagged this pic immediately as it really shows that those chiffon thirties dresses that we all love and drool over are actually very modern and wearable. Mere mortal girls may want to pair theirs with nude slips but Michelle's more daring choice...well for some reason does not seem so daring for her, does it?
5-6 cups flour
I also thought this was a little short-sighted:
Doesn't that just sound amazing? I wish my school had had a program like that when I was in 4th grade (or ever!)! I think it's such a valuable experience for the kids to get that much hands-on learning from professionals in the field of writing and publishing, and to have the opportunity to create and display their own work. They come away from the experience feeling that writing and illustrating are possibilities, not just pipe dreams, and that has to be a boost to their creative spirits.
Needless to say, the monster in the episode is disguised as a busty school teacher who isn't shy about flaunting her cleavage. Oh, and she kills her victims with blades that pop out of her chest.
in someway, someone
To sum up: Ted and Robin still aren’t on great terms and Barney’s still uncomfortable with Quinn being a stripper. I have to say, I’m kind of bored with both these storylines already. So, even if it was a bit cliché, I’m glad we’re at least getting a dramatic birth story to spice up the season finale. And then, of course, there’s the little matter of who the bride is. Why are they making us wait two weeks again?
Why 500 people have nothing better to do than complain about an episode shown when all good kids should be in bed, and all nutters locked up, is beyond me.
Proficient in English and Bahasa
My recommendation is to have a cup of coffee in the light filled lunchroom, watch the koi lazily swimming in the pool below and go back through the exhibit again. 1968 was arguably one of the most important years in American history; with this exhibit, you don't have to have been there to be there.
Fat: 4g
I didn’t go in and collect nuggets to show
From the back. The petite hits me at the low hip, I think it is your call on which you would prefer...do you want a regular top (and have a fairly short torso)? Buy the petite. If you are interested in a tunic (or have a fairly long torso), order the regular. If you are a petite woman (say under 5'3") and you have a short torso, you could buy the regular version and possibly even wear it as a minidress.
The fourth name will leave you frustrated; it left me frustrated: "He has a name written on him that no one knows but he himself" (Rev 19:12). Many people try to guess at the name and tell us what it is. But the text is clear: "no one knows but he himself." So, it is no use guessing. And, it is extreme foolishness to declare to others what it is. It is like the time of the second coming whose day and hour is known only to God. Whatever the name, it is so holy, so majestic, so awesome, that us mortals are not worthy to hear it or to know it.
I bought this bamboo chair at the Value Village for $20:
….and not a Reason to Doubt?
When we get wrapped up in this noise, while we are focused on it, listening to it, we are missing out on life going on around us.
Of course the hubby is none to thrilled with my decision to keep my last name. I know how important it is to him for me to change it. Every so often I think about changing it to surprise him.
After World War II, America became a superpower. Our manufacturing base grew dramatically; the industrialized revolution was so great that the American dollar replaced gold as the reserve currency of other world central banks. There was a U.S. job boom.
Happy Wednesday dear friends :)
What happened? A funny change-up was created between celebrities and politicians and we got all confused and wondering: the gods must be crazy. Today, celebrities invade the media like a giant bible of what-to-dos rather than being busy improving themselves to become exemplary in their fields. They try to impose their fashion and make-up to-dos, they try to convince people to eat at a good and more or less fancy restaurants, make contests to gain followers, and just keep on trying to set norms based on what they think– that they’re all that. And we, we follow them that’s all. Why? because they’re seen nationwide, people think that what they do is what is standardized, so we follow them and those who don’t end up being ‘baduy’ or out of this world.
If all this seems a little too “new age” or “out there” for you, it may interest you to know that science is coming to my defense: in a recent “Editor’s Choice” article published in MyNews24, the user-generated section of News24.com, a scientist summarized recent findings about the quantum nature of consciousness which have led researchers to the conclusion that consciousness “is a foundational, irreducible component of reality”; in other words, it exists outside of the body, and therefore may persist from one life to the next.
Some may say we are "buying" your support. We'd rather think of it as being selfless by giving something to you.
Bessacarr & Cantley
The minute that you sing that, oooh, Swanee River
P — Barack Obama has to go because:
I think I will go out and cut a bouquet and enjoy their lovely scent :-)
To see that I had whored myself
1 cup whipping cream
Being in a basement, it wasn't light and airy like dojos I've seen. The boxers had one side of the room; the other was taken up by a kickboxing class--again, all men.
You probably shouldn't plan on leaving the house for Oscars viewing until you hear our fashion tips. That goes for you too, Anna Wintour.
Cut or shred the larger pieces of chicken and return to soup OR save chicken for chicken salad. The bones with bits of chicken can be reserved for, as Julia Child used to say, “a private meal.”
“Do you love me?”
And, as a photographer, I get to enclose myself in a small box, and watch the epic world story being written -- one child at a time, two lovers at a time. It's a rare opportunity, and one I've come to cherish more and more lately.
“There will be a two-stage process; it’s just not physically possible to do all of this in one step. I know the president is worried about his next election. But my God, shouldn’t he be worried about the country? We have got a budget deficit of $1.5 trillion. We’re borrowing 42 cents on every dollar we spend, we have $14.5 trillion national debt. It is time to get serious about stopping the spending here in Washington, D.C.” — Speaker of the House John Boehner on Fox News
ME: Yes, I'm sorry about that. I understand. I was very busy, end of the evening and all, and I tried to bring water as often as a I could. I'm sorry that it wasn't up to par...but I was very busy and did the best that I could. I understand that you said that your "tip reflected the service?"
WHAT: It’s me. Really, that is all I need to say, here. It’s me in one of those artist silently and serenely posing in order to render a silent and serene portrait. It’s me looking all artist-like. But I actually AM an artist…not like one. AND that’s me. Up there. In that square…I mean, rectangle. I did that. That’s me.
Self-pity is one of, if not the, least attractive all human traits. As soon as I catch myself wallowing in the throws of it (which is pretty often) I make an effort to grind it down to a fine powder. It’s downright unmanly.
Dump for your personal reading, if not for your church book club or any Christian education class from high school and up. In particular, if you are in a denomination that talks about the conservatism of the churches in Africa, this book is for you and yours. What does it mean to be the body of Christ with limbs across the world? A body with limbs that are dying from AIDS, TB, and malnutrition? A body that is schizophrenic about social issues and divides against itself? We cannot undo that we have been made one in Christ because it was not our doing. Thus, we are God’s mission- a mission of relationship and reconciliation. The goal of that mission for us, according to Zink, is to learn to spot grace. Everywhere. Even at the dump.
Nothing annoys me quite like a character who squanders good opportunities for fictional fun. Michael can't seem to recognize the value of being an orphan. Hasn't he read ANY books?? Fictional orphans get to have all the fun and Michael's situation is rife with potential excitement.
there is a chance to win one of three sets of signed copies
Are you allowing others around you to put out the Holy Spirit’s fire in your heart? Or are you allowing that fire to spread throughout your loved ones, families, friends, etc. This is the way that we must live — but as in all things, like an example.
Make sure you check out the rest of the DT's manly cards:
Through hitchhiking I’ve made it to a strange roadhouse. It’s nestled between two short brown dusty mountains, but high up, and I have view that extends 100s of miles into the desert. I don’t have a lot of time here — the tide is coming in, and when it does I will be stuck here for days, maybe weeks. I decide to make a call to my mother. A familiar voice answers the phone, but it isn’t her. I must have dialed the wrong number, but I can’t just hang up — I know this person. I have to figure out who it is without tipping them off that I unintentionally called them. I ramble uncomfortably about nothing for a few minutes. . . .
“The east wind caressed the side of her cream colored face, sending her long fiery red hair into a fluttery dance around her head. Lilacs and roses tangled in the breeze, a rich perfume that thickened the air with a majestic sweetness that puzzled the mind. The sun hit her apple cheeks with a golden ray that made her visage glow like bright embers.”
Me: (thinking I’m going to pay out serious money for this child’s law degree). You don’t understand how nervous I am and I’m not getting into another metaphor match so you can misconstrue that too.
Gordon H. Clark: "The Bible consistently denies free will."
For my 6 day on the Tom Venuto Burn the Fat, Feed the Muscle challenge I decided not to wake up that early for the training as it is a Saturday, so only did my weights around lunch time with my dad. Did however eat my Oats for breakfast.
It was tipping it down with rain on Wednesday morning. Well, tipping it sideways — the rain didn’t always manage “down”, what with the wind. I honestly thought I’d be doing two hours of weeding in the rain on my own, but another parishioner turned up (in full waterproofs) and together we got quite a bit more weeding done. It was too wet to risk taking any pictures, but the garden is fairly well protected from the wind so it wasn’t as uncomfortable as I’d feared.
And as we say up in the North,
Overview:
As far as the French goes, I do not speak French. That took quite a bit of research. I talked to French speaking people (in France) for some of the words to make sure the right conjugation of a word was used. French words have a LOT of conjugations! Obviously, some of the words we all know, but I decided to list even the common ones in a glossary and use an endnote (footnote in paperback) the first time a word is used. I also knew that some people would love this addition and some would find it odd. I felt it gave a unique flavor to the book and also knew the bohemians were considered odd, so the “oddness” fit. So far, more people have said it was a nice addition than that it was jarring, so that is cool.
Race With the Devil is so 70s it made my nose bleed. (This isn’t actually true. The only time I have ever spontaneously bled due to over stimulation is when I thought I saw Alan Moore whilst in a beer garden in Northampton, I had also just hit myself in the face with my mobile phone so these two factors may not even be related. For the record we never did get any clarification as to whether it was in fact Mr. Moore, I like to think it was). While Race With the Devil is undeniably a raucous romp round the back roads of 70s horror, I like to think of it more as a morality tale warning us of what would have really happened to Scooby Doo’s gang when they go meddling into the affairs of evil doers in masks.
Thanks friends!
Summertime we went berry picking. We would walk in a little path to the upper end of the island. Blackberries would be the first to get ripe. We got lots of them to keep Mother going, making cakes and puddings. After that it would be raspberries, red currants, and blueberries, enough to keep us busy all summer. Mother would go to the marshes to pick bakeapples and bottle them. They were delicious for desserts, lasting all through the winter. When I got older, I joined up with a crowd and we would row over to the main shore to pick bakeapples. We would be gone all day, especially if they were plentiful. We would light a fire and boil the kettle on the beach and sit down for a big feed of smoked salmon and homemade bread. Some people on the island had smokehouses and smoked salmon all summer long. We enjoyed our trip and our feeds, making sure we got home before dark. I remember the first trip I had away from home. My mother took us up to Glovertown on the steamer. It was at night and as we were coming up the bay a little bird flew down in the cabin. That caused quite a bit of excitement. Mail was carried by the steamer, both in Newfoundland and Labrador. To send a letter to someone on the Labrador, it had to be addressed to the person, name the schooner, in care of Labrador Afloat. If they chanced to connect with the steamer, they got their mail, but if not, they would be gone all summer without a word from home. If there were a death at home the steamer would raise a black flag. If there were a telegram for anyone on our island, a flag would be raised on a pole at Fair Island. Someone would go up in boat to get the message. Often it wasn't for the person who went for the message, but there was much co-operation among the people. The mail boat brought our mail and we loved to see it coming in the harbour. To get the train we would go by passenger boat to Gambo to connect with it. My first trip on the train was when I was about twelve years old. My mother went to Fair Island with me where we met with Caleb Ackerman who was going through on the train. I was going to Glovertown, so she put me in his care. All my teenage years I spent away from home. The first summer I spent at Traytown with Uncle John and Aunt Florence Littlejohn. Aunt Florence's family were all grown so she wrote Mother and asked her to let me come and spend the summer with her. The following summer I came back to Traytown to work with the Kean family. When I was fifteen, I went to Glovertown to work with Aunt Jane Holloway. She had four sons at home, but was unable to work. She was a dear lady and each day would manage to get downstairs and sit in her chair. She showed me what to do. I would wash, cook, and clean for them. People were so limited in those days, with no jobs and very little money. I remember I got five dollars and bought myself a nice grey coat. I was so pleased with it, and later got enough to buy a pair of white sneakers. Aunt Jane taught me how to card and spin sheep's wool. I knitted socks for the boys. That benefited me much in years to come. The next time I left home it was with my parents. They moved up to Lockyer's Bay to cut logs. I spent one night with them. The next day I went to Hare Bay and got a job with Percy and Nellie Wells who owned a business and took boarders. I earned five dollars a month. I stayed for six months and went home in the spring. Transportation from Hare Bay wasn't easy. I knew the Matthews brothers were at Trinity building their schooner and would be going to the island on the weekend. I decided to go Trinity and go home with them. There I met Walter Matthews, who became my boyfriend and later my husband. Later that spring I made up my mind to do something I never thought I could do, because I didn't like being on the water. I was always seasick.
After 2014, cash deficits are expected to grow rapidly as the
react_women: fine. Told she trys to protect June (elderly owner with Alzheimer).
When the oatmeal looks like this, turn off the heat and stir in up to a tablespoon of butter to finish. Honestly, sometimes I forget to add the butter (like this morning) and the oatmeal is still wonderful, so just leave it out if you're worried about the extra fat. But it does add a nice richness.
Off its foundation,
Once again, thanks for all your entries and congratulations to the winners!
So, I’m a fighter, which is a decent quality. And I’ve got this really great YES team. I find these two things are very necessary components when going after the truly and ridiculously difficult artistic pursuits I’m after. Forget artistic pursuits, these are some of the necessary qualities to cut through the bullsh*t of life in its entirety.
The Barnes & Noble reader is just told that this book is for ages 12 and up according to CommonSenseMedia. (For the record? I've given it to my 9 year old niece, who will read it if and when she gets through all the Warrior books). If the parent clicks "more" they will get the reasons for the 12 plus rating. Barnes & Noble gives the publisher age range (ironically, ages 9 to 12, which I agree with). If the parent reads to Editorial Reviews (but why should they, when they aren't highlighted as CommonSenseMedia does?), they get a variety of ages: ten and up from Publishers Weekly; grades 5 to 8 from School Library Journal; ages ten to fourteen from Kirkus.
Problem #5: Failure to Proofread
Me: C: As for the Torah, most of the definitions that are found in Genesis use the word “yom,” which means a lot of things, but is mostly recognised as meaning day. Fundamentalist Jews do take the Torah literally when it says “yom” and interpret it as a day and not a “period,” as you claim.
Oh, and I am an intense researcher as well. Ha-ha. I’ll make a confession right here, right now. Yes, I already severed ties with Liam. However, I know for a fact that Liam hasn’t changed his password since he gave it to me months ago. I logged in to check recently. I immediately logged out after discovering the password still worked. No, I didn’t read any message or do anything in Liam’s account. However, the fact remains that I logged in. I guess curiosity got the best of me. I feel a tad guilty about it. I’m just like you, girls and guys. I really am.
Most writers have discovered there isn’t a lack of talent in our field today, but sometimes there seems to be a lack of inspiration. Throughout the stresses of life, who among us can’t use more nourishing soul food? This is a great day to be a writer and good news for those of us who love to write inspirational pieces. According to my research, there are hundreds of opportunities for devotional writers. A single piece doesn’t pay much, but the savvy writer realizes the financial potential of inspirational writing tucked in with regular writing assignments.
I love this paper line!
Vincent LaForet was the first to popularise the 5DmkII with his film, “Reverie.” After Reverie hit the internet a wave of young, old and new filmmakers rushed out to pick up the new camera. As LaForet recently mentioned during an interview panel at Sundance with Rob Legato, Jacob Rosenberg and Sharlto Copley, “…someone once said I was the best thing to happen to Canon and the worst thing to happen to Canon….” (watch the full interview here)
Roll up for the underpants show
Teachers’ union officials say the atmosphere in Central Falls schools is extremely negative, while district officials point to a spike in teacher absenteeism as one of the reasons for ongoing behavior issues in some schools this year.
wonders and adventures
On this special day in your life
The Ethan Banning Files are series of short stories starring Naomi Clark’s rough-around-the-edges P.I. These three stories are a great introduction to one of Clark’s most addictive characters- they’re like an Ethan Banning gateway drug. Once you get a glimpse of the train wreck that is his life, it’s hard to look away.
Finding a great deal is thrilling. You may almost have the adrenaline pumping whenever you discover that you have saved a lot of money, or actually just seventy five cents. This never will get old. Not each day goes by that you could toss aside an run out coupon in order to find a brand new deal elsewhere should you didn’t have the opportunity to make your own purchase at first.
I’m looking at the light, and at the same time, I am not looking at the light. Can you really look at something that is the reason why you can see, and thus is the thing that makes you look instead of you looking at it independently, without its help?
pistachios for garnishing
MIAMI, FLORIDA April 30, 2012 – RealtorÒ Rick Burch with Burch & Associates International in Miami Beach, Florida has earned the At Home with Diversity certification from the National Association of Realtors.
But wait, it's not over !
When you go to the White House, there is only one voice they give to the public. They prefer to work behind the scenes.
jill crammond-wickham
In one minority area we visited, near Dali, a fresh village mural educated people about electrification (how not to get electrocuted).
Good Morning Lovelies!
I wondered what the big deal was - there surely wouldn't be lines of impatient customers at the bookshop doors waiting for publication date of this dodgy hardback rubbish crime novel that had already been published long before in America. If it got put back in the schedule it wasn't the end of the world - and they really, really weren't missing anything, I wanted to say... but by then my days were numbered.
Nor a melody
Irene Dunne The Awful Truth
A tummy zerbert from a 4 year old zerbert expert. (humbles me and makes me laugh every time....even if I am exposing my "I'm-not-pregnant-dammit-belly" in line at Trader Joe's)
The observatory, restored in 1992, now houses the Center for the Study of Southern Culture.
project that promotes the image used to create the project. In other words,
“Of course it’s possible,” he said. “The Dutch artist was not overpaid, and the temptation to reproduce a masterpiece like this must have been great. But I doubt if Schalcken would have done it. I suggest, Mr. Evans, that you are the possessor of an excellent copy.”
And THAT is something that we currently have no program/system in place to handle – which in my humble opinion is a big reason why we have run in place for so long, and why the rest of the world has “caught up”.
"No of course he does."
Bathtub Gin – 43.4%
There was no way she'd do it with Jessica here.
And I have even completed this blog post, which feels in itself like a great big sigh of relief.
6. Cirrone-Uplands Park Road (Escape)
Caution: This might be all theory
We had a brush with the law recently and thankfully lived to tell the tale. We still wake sweating in the night to the sound of “He can have them all” and visions of backing the Hiace up to the door of Studio 8. Thanks to @irishmammies for the shout out and to @shirtntie for hearing it and tipping us off..
Punctuated by the sound of tears on an LCD screen
“You don’t hold back,” Shadow Stalker commented, seemingly unfazed by her circumstances. She tested the strength of her bonds, experimentally.
2 tsp water
Hollywood stars: William H Macy and wife Felicity Huffman, pictured last week, will be awarded a double star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame next week
Houston’s sudden death cast a
Places must be paid for in advance. To reserve a place contact Victoria at reception at Galway Arts Centre, 47 Dominick Street, phone 091 565886 or email victoria@galwayartscentre.ie
3. bake for 25-30 minutes, until golden brown and a toothpick inserted into the middle of a muffin comes out clean. serve warm & with butter.
I imagine him playing baseball or soccer, all legs and arms flying about the field; maybe he prefers science, loaded down with books and a chemistry set; perhaps he’s more into the arts, sculpting with modelling clay or writing comic books. But then again, possibly I presume too much; maybe he is not playing sports, not discovering new things, and not creating new realities.
Blah, blah, blah... we've heard this all before... moving on, nothing to see here...
Dissention in the ranks: Hillary Clinton states that she will not serve another term in Obama’s cabinet if he is reelected in 2012.
Mamma Mia
Meanwhile I ran from the bathroom and, of course, immediately googled 'MY BABY ATE POOP' and instead of sordid tales of e-coli, I found it to be a fairly common and typically harmless occurrence. (Seriously, how did people mother before google?)
Despite the overly obvious names for the Demon and Angel love interests, there's nothing average about the love story being weaved here. If you're not into that sort of thing then the politics of Hell and Heaven will keep you captivated. There's murder, torture, and all kinds of dark and seedy things to keep a reader glued to the pages. The cast of characters are very memorable and not only did I find myself caring about the good guys, the bad guys captured my affections in a twisted way. This is the perfect book for fans of the Angel genre or those who haven't been able to quite get into it yet. Be prepared to stay up all night with this one!
outside lust and greed came between u n me... REALITY!!!
Donnelly couldn’t say who is gaining potential lost sales, but that he suspects HBC’s share is “moving among” the other original equipment manufacturers (OEMs).
I did look out for any blog land friends whilst at Ally Pally, but saw NO ONE. I had a great time though, always do.
On the other side of the bench trellis, are the senna I got from Ben, who blogs at The Deep Middle, a switchgrass, yarrow, 'Paprika', and on the right, helenium autumnale. The lamb's ears and coreopsis were already planted before the tree came down.
-Vegan Margarine (Earth balance is perfection)
The bad news is; I'm doing all the work myself (yes, I am a little ca-razy).
Baking Soda 1 1/2 teaspoons
Hospital where she worked) in exchange for no criminal sentencing. He also says the male obama is a fraud.
They controlled possession, they had Madrid running circles trying to keep up with them. Players moved fluidly where they saw openings, with the central midfielder Xavi notching the match’s first goal on a run into the six yard box in front of the goal and with the attacker Messi assisting on the matches fourth goal with a pass from near midfield. Even the staunchly pro-Madrid Marca newspaper hailed Barca as the world’s greatest side.
I strongly need to broaden my knowledge.
Welcome to the fourth edition of The Pulse -- The State of the Art -- a survey in words and pictures of the online artist community. Nearly 150 artists have answered a list of questions which make up The Pulse. Their responses will be presented as a series of online and print projects. Links to the first three projects (Secret Sunday, The Book Guild, and StudioScapes) can be found on the sidebar of my blog.
Born July 21, 1977, Richard Johnson attended Belmont Abbey school, the alma mater of Peter Scudamore, before leaving at 16 to take a job with then champion trainer David Nicholson. He was born and raised at Madley, Herefordshire, where his parents have a farm. Johnson comes from racing stock as his mother Sue holds a licence to train, while his father Keith, who won the 1982 Midlands Grand National on Bridge Ash, and his grandfather Ivor were both good amateur riders. Johnson is unlucky to be riding in the same era as Tony McCoy as he has finished runner-up to his rival in the jockeys’ championship on 11 occasions and appears destined to fill the same position this term. He is one of a few jockeys to make the front page of The Sun (March 2003) when his then girlfriend Zara Phillips kissed him after his Champion Hurdle victory on Rooster Booster and also appeared in the pages of Hello magazine (December 2001) alongside Phillips. His first winner came at Exeter aboard Rusty Bridge on April 30,1994, and he has gone on to capture some of racing’s biggest prizes, notably the 2000 Gold Cup at Cheltenham aboard Looks Like Trouble and the 2002 Queen Mother Champion Chase on Flagship Uberalles, as well as Rooster Booster’s famous triumph in the Champion Hurdle. Other top-flight winners he has partnered include Florida Pearl, Anzum, Mighty Man, Detroit City, Planet Of Sound, Menorah and Landing Light. He has a good record at Aintree and won the Topham Trophy over the Grand National course in 2001 on Gower Slave. His best finish in the John Smith’s Grand National came when What’s Up Boys finished second in 2002. The grey looked the winner at the elbow but, like many before him, Johnson’s mount was headed in the last 75 yards by Bindaree. In 2007 he married Fiona Chance, daughter of the dual Cheltenham Gold Cup winning trainer Noel Chance. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 1997 Celtic Abbey (UR 15th), 1998 Banjo (Fell 1st), 1999 Baronet (Fell 4th), 2000
2. Spinach salad with strawberries, blueberries, almonds and vinaigrette
At breakfast today in a local cafe, I was glancing at the magazine ART and ARCHITECTURE, looking over beautiful images of Mary, the mother of Jesus, from a book entitled, at least in part, “FULL OF GRACE.”
Thanks everyone and we will see you all on Monday for our next challenge :)
Comment back, i would love to hear from you, my readers.
1.) Eli and Emmy don't do well away from each other. Eli is already really upset that he doesn't get to go "bye-bye car"
Downtown Stuart is like a little cultural oasis. There are plenty of shops where normal people may actually want to buy something and food of every description. It would be impossible to visit and not come away with a fine meal and maybe some art, jewelry, or a trinket or two.
By Daniel Woods
Thanks a bunch!
Philadelphia: Some Things Never Change!
Even in India today, in ordinary households you have this kind of discussion. Some people are heavily into Vaidika Karma. They follow rituals to the best of their understanding and ability every day. Some people only follow it for weddings and funerals. Others try to understand the meaning of these rituals and try to do what is relevant to the present times. Some abstract the philosophy.
Anywho, we’ll see how my trip to the UPS store goes. Hoping for minimal judgement. Here’s hoping real hard.
Underpronation or Supination Other people under pronate, or supinate. This means that the feet roll in less than 15% and most of the shock is absorbed by the outside (lateral) of their feet. When they push off the smaller toes do most of the work. This puts extra stress on the foot and can cause iliotibial band syndrome of the knee, Achilles tendinitis and plantar fasciitis.
That’s right…future science teacher here. Nerdin’ it up. Awwwww yeah.
But I'll tell you later....
She's twitchy, as well she might be given how out of step her perceptions are with almost everyone else around us. The Central Committee are now in control of the country, she confides, and they're organising house-to-house visits to explain the situation. She tells me that the problems have been going on for a year but the Central Committee's hand has now been forced. The alternative is bloodshed. The Committee are currently meeting to decide on what action to take.
I am here
But, there comes a time – at least one – in the drafting of every new novel, when the energy flags, despite my best efforts before writing. I’m an outliner. I have never hidden that fact. I like following a plan and still letting the creativity flow. But sometimes I reach a scene that I’m just not feeling. I procrastinate, and hem and haw, and eventually eke out a sentence at a time until I refind my mojo.
Then I saw a shadow. I slowly crept closer and there he was, sitting in the only patch of snow on the block. No wonder we didn't see him. He was busy licking what was left of the little neighbor girl's snowman. I think he thought he'd found his twin.
As for nail art~ well...Fairy Kei nails today :3 I also am going to start working on nails for myself...
I just wanted to pop in and say that I've been crocheting like a madwoman. I've re-opened the shop, made some changes, and have started adding new items!
Yes, I am in favor of “shipping.” Books, movies, TV … shipping makes things more interesting.
I have a hard time making eye contact. I'm sure he senses my discomfort and I hope he doesn't misread it. I'm not uncomfortable because of him; I'm uncomfortable FOR him. I don't want him to see my ponderings flash across my face.
This is a consistent policy of siding with the leftists, siding with the Marxists, siding with those who don’t support democracy, not standing up for our friends in Colombia, not standing up for our friends who want to engage and support America, who want to be great trading partners and great allies for our country, to be able to form that kind of bond that is so essential in our own hemisphere.
- Post new songs/albums for review, and then be the relay between the publicist and our writer.
So, needless to say after yesterday’s mailbag, I’ve got a lot on my mind right now. I still plan on making some inspection stops in the Eastern Kingdoms, but the timetable might be spread out a little more than it would have been, what with some other things I need to check up on.
As for me, I’m almost there. Writing about it helps me prepare. I may lose a friend after this, but I deserve it.
This next group of shit heels is brought to you by the Occupy Wall Street Movement. Oddly, the recent May Day shenanigans , rioting, looting, and general mayhem has received scant coverage in the mainstream media. I'm not going to waste much time or bandwidth on these dick wads. They can drop that 99 percent bullshit, or at least reduce it by whatever minuscule percentile it takes to remove my broke ass from the equation. While the majority of the OWS crowd may just be a bunch of whiny, self entitled, think the world owes them somethings, shit draws flies, and OWS is responsible for any acts of violence, terrorism, and crime that results from their rhetoric. Normally I'd just clown on these clowns for a couple of paragraphs, but I'm in a transitional period, and I'm here to help. So listen up OWS, There is no utopia, the world doesn't owe you dick, nada, zip, zilch. If you don't want 150 k in student loan debt for your worthless degree in the Arts or whatever bullshit you studied in between bangin patchouli oil laden hairy pitted hippy broads with a single name like Moonbeam or Azure, then try going to a community college and earning a sensible degree that is actually worth something.
So I have redone the excel file and now it shows the pattern for each key in each octave.
of a place buried beneath the hard stern gray city
Every year my friends and family ask me what I want for Christmas. Every year I say the same thing: good books; wool socks. Not necessarily in that order.
Would you show people filling out their own applications and earning their own way, and hard work being rewarded once in a while? Stop having them only remember to think about college during April/May sweeps week! And enough with the miracle scholarships out of nowhere that no one even applied for! College applications are stressful enough without shoving forced, fake, and inaccurate data on top of it!
Starcast : Hrithik Roshan, Priyanka Chopra, Sanjay Dutt, Rishi Kapoor
And maybe, without having to deal with all that corporate crap, editors will have a chance to spend more time doing what they really enjoy: editing. They will be able to work on challenging fiction, without having to get the nod from sales and marketing, and they will be able to help a writer grow, without worrying that poor sales figures for their first novel will see them cut loose.
01. Release
More cafts and sewing coming your way in November.
2.lurking fear
Sale savings: -$27.83
I see Playto, holding two blank signs.
Following my review of the strategic plan, I will review the governance plan. If you follow my blog, you will get the same information I am going to give to our new board members today. And then maybe you will decide you would like to get more involved and run for a board position in the future.
She doesn’t have to write another mistress’s manifesto; Kalypso, one of the betrayed goddesses from Homer’s Odyssey, has that one covered. She was never overtly cruel without justification; that’s the job of a sadomasochistic Wicked Witch of fairy tale infamy. She doesn’t have a penchant for picking the wrong guy over her soul mate; Catherine does.
Freddy vs. Jason, Bride Of Chucky, End Of Days, Zoolander, Universal Soldier: The Return, Little Nicky, Scream 3, Dracula 2000, Blade II, Return Of The Living Dead 5: Rave To The Grave, NASCAR Thunder 2004
I've thought about that statement several times over the years. During some signings, I wish I'd taken her name and number and hired her to do mine for me.
list of things that might point one to consider diagnosing someone
Fire pits can be created to be used with propane or wood for primary fire source. Check out my website at www.cliftonmetalworks.com to see samples of other work or send me an email at joe@cliftonmetalworks.com and I'll be happy to work with you to create your dreams.
They don’t know how to hold a grudge or how to stop smiling. They are the epitome of unconditional love….they just will avoid a person if they don’t feel uncomfortable….they do not slander a person if they don’t somehow gel with them. They just trust their instincts and allow their bodies to tell them when to expect what. They are so open about what they like and do not like….they just don’t have the understanding of Judgement…..hence they are completely themselves where-ever they are. The curiosity and inquisitiveness which is so innate to them is what propels them to try new things without fear, they do not have even an inkling of what is it to suppress. They don’t get scared of being labeled as dumb or foolish if they don’t know something. They are just Pure Beings of Love and happy to BE.
Now I have another bill I can’t afford.
Now to let you know what else is going on. I am in the home stretch of a new apron, one that has been lots of fun to create. I need to pick up a few more feet of rickrack/rick rack, very frustrating when you run short! Pics to follow!
Weddings Can Be Murder is a great novel by Christie Craig.
TOTAL SPENT (excluding hotel n flight):
We finished with a Bonta Gorgonzola dolce latte cheese paired with the Surefoot Stout. A fitting finish as it showed that a few quiet beers beforehand with the brewer and chat about what flavours and characteristics dominate the brew and a good chef will come up with a winner everytime. I don’t know exactly how many ales the kitchen crew shared with Dave but my guess would be “just the right number”.
Great question! A variation of this titling issue happens to a lot of people--you know, having the perfect title for your book and then realizing there are a host of outside circumstances working against your using that perfect title.
Where is this location ? Some say its a hotel..
-1/2 cup parmesan cheese
dirty is the game I play.
Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient for the day is the evil thereof.
“Writing is the hardest way of earning a living, with the possible exception of wrestling alligators.” - Olin Miller
On Friday, I scuttled outside, after my stupid moon website said it would be up, and nothing. We had cloud cover, so I went back in and waited, pacing, antsy, in need of my picture. Back out an hour later. Nothing. I paced some more. Back out. Absofreakingnothing. Went to bed. Tossed and turned, thinking of the moon.
Flowering in Your love,
Brandon Holstein: So if football didn’t work out for you LJ, do you think this is something you would pursue, as far as following your religion or maybe even the ministry?
Red is the best adaptation of a Jack Ketchum novel so far. Dog lovers though, beware.
but have a better solution than mentioned here? Please share your experience by posting a comment.
penknife
Wow, I really hope I still have friends after I tell everyone about tonight’s epiphany.
‘I just want to leave,’ she breathes.
My head is spinning,
Don't forget to add patterned paper to the bottom of your roof BEFORE adhering it to the wooden frame... just trust me! ;-)
Ms. Becker did a great job with this. The only way that it could have been made more realistic, is if she could have depicted Ken and G.I. Joe trying to advance a hand-line through "the maze", with smoke down to the floor, stuff falling on them, roaches crawling on them and cat turds sticking to their knees and gloves. But hey, I'm just being picky!
It is not permissible to shave a part of the head and leave a part, as this was prohibited by the Messenger (peace and blessings be upon him) as reported by al-Bukhari. The strongest view seems to be that the head of the boy or the girl should be shaved, as is reported that Fatimah weighed the hair of her daughter (Muwatta) but the scholars differ o­n this, and Allah knows best.
As the paperback boom died out in the wake of the Hank Janson trial, Watt began turning out stories for Paget Publications' saucy magazines Jaunty, Sprite, Kitty, etc. before reappering at Spencer's with a series of western novels in 1962-64.
But maybe the White House doesn’t need a slogan. After all, it has a person instead: a composite character who’s been the talk of Washington these last few days, and whose imaginary life story casts the stakes in this presidential campaign into unusually sharp relief.
I'm a bad bad knitter. That's right, I did knit but on something new. Yes, I am burying my head in my pillow with shame right now. I needed to get my sock mojo going again, and my Felici self striping yarn has been calling to me. I mean, it's TIME TRAVELER self striping yarn. AND...And....and....
Lovely like this... with maybe tall white candles....
Now I know why Thorne's books never show up in the shop. They are to be savored and reread, bookmarked and propped open on the kitchen counter, and reread again. I chose Outlaw Cook for the current round of Cook the Books, the online foodie book club started by me, and two lovely blogger friends: Deb of Kahakai Kitchen in Hawaii and Johanna of Food Junkie, Not Junk Food in Greece. For this bimonthly blog event, participants are asked to read our chosen book, blog about it and cook something up that is inspired by our reading. Anyone can join the "regulars" in this book club by posting and then leaving a comment at the Cook the Books site. The deadline for this round is January 23, 2012, and I am delighted that our featured author, John Thorne, will be reviewing the submitted posts and picking a winner to receive the coveted CTB winner's badge.
In a sea of 30+ courses, the previous was but a minor blip in the meal and one spoonful of the Yuba skin Chawanmushi brought my taste buds back to dining nirvana. The savoury steamed egg custard was chock-full of goodies – uni, shrimp, crab, red snapper, gingko nuts, squash, mitsuba (Japanese wild parsley), ginger and the ever popular gold leaf. Unlike your bog standard chawanmushi, Hiro-san’s rendition had a layer of flavoured dashi above the set egg, which when mixed in with the custard produced a comforting thick silky soup.
At the time John Starrs was killed, Free Derry was still in existence with large areas of the Bogside, Brandywell and Creggan behind barricades.
For a whole life time we have heard about the conversation amidst the battle field. Why not another version? Mahabharata is a poetry written by a much talented poet named Vyasa. He was a language and literature enthusiast. If I am right they are the first of its kind literature that happened many years back. So at that time there was a big war that happened between two families. He was a man of his kind. In a later stage he jotted down the whole incident in an interesting way. His writing was so artistic and imaginative that it impressed many of the coming generations.
The 2 bedrooms were retained with some modifications. A Doorway was introduced between the 2 Bedrooms to allow direct access to the front kids’ room. The small window in the master bedroom fronting the air well is transformed into a large doorway to allow occupant to enjoy natural air and greenery from the bed day and night.
When I was newly married and wanted to learn to make pie dough I stumbled on a September 2007 issue of Cook’s Illustrated magazine and they told me how to do it. But…I don’t have a food processor. In my limited cooking experience at that time I would have just moved on if I did not own every cooking implement listed in the recipe.
I am only making an observation. But I think further study could be interesting.
Her life.
Are you looking for a Roofer? A Carpenter? A mechanic? Ask your local Bartender, if they don’t know or recommend one then either they are new or just don’t have the networking capabilities that most do. Meaning if I need someone to fix my plumbing i know who to call. If I need someone to replace my hardwood floor than I have the contractors name and number. If I need a mechanic to fix my car I have his info. Need a Banker? Then I have his info as well.
The next problem book is the sixth. After writing five novels the sixth one should be easy, right? Nope. It's just as hard as the others. Harder in fact, as now you should know what you are doing and there should be a higher good to crap ratio. But there isn't.
This morning I signed Oprah’s No Phone Zone Pledge, and I want to challenge all of you to do the same. I’m providing the link to Oprah’s challenge. Sign it, commit to it, and leave me a comment on my blog telling me you took the pledge. On Monday, January 25, one commenter who took the challenge will win a $10 McDonalds gift card. After all, you deserve a Happy Meal for committing to something that will make the world a safer place for kids.
Worth a look, though my experience with blue-tooth was less than exciting. –Corrie
All I think of when I see this title is a punchline. It's like they should be selling aquariums, or bait and tackle or something. Frankly I never came up with a winning joke setup good enough for the punchline. The enthusiasm people expressed to me long before I wandered down to Fulton St and encountered Fish and Crustaceans is what inspired me to want to attach a fall-down laughing punchline to my conversations about the Fish Shack. It seemed everyone, everywhere I went for months, was talking about how good the food was despite the awkward name.
Similarly, the material used for this Madame Gres creation.
Most of the time it is overnight and you can get back to the luxury of your own bed the next day but sometimes it can be for a week of even a few weeks.
Author: Merit Gogo-fyneface
I'm enjoying a Tim Holtz on-line course at the moment. Lots of new techniques and getting all inky with distressed inks, distressed stains and all manner of crafty stuff!
Bottom line is, if you look back and find yourself wondering why you changed so drastically because of a fashion, maybe you need to get out of it and remember why you started.
After being denied opportunities to compete?! That likely means this: didn’t golf well enough to qualify for.
Pouring rain, two strangers, an old time burger stand, boy likes girl, tries to get her attention. It was the stuff movies are made of. But in this movie the GIRL TOTALLY BLOWS IT because she’s oblivious!
Charlotte Rogan’s writing is exquisite and full to bursting with suspense and tension. She manages to create the same sense of suspense as the traditional thrillers of old where nobody can be trusted and everyone is out to get you. The paranoia running through the lifeboat is contagious as the reader never knows what will be revealed next. Rogan also challenges the audience to questions themselves as they read Grace’s story.
One of my favorite things...going to the library, and now that we've moved, I've got new library branches to explore!! Whee!!
Week 14 vs. Arizona: Seattle enters a critical part of their schedule as three of their final four games are against division opponents. Depending on how the season is shaping up at this point, this game could have playoff implications for one of these teams.
stalking the droning, buzzy flies.
South Block, Raisina Hill
There are more than 30 books based on one set of characters. Each book is like a chapter and is very appealing to kids. The printable books are written at a second grade level and come with in depth lesson plans and an average of 20 comprehension and skill practice worksheets (for EACH book). I love using these with my 4th and 5th graders with special needs because they look older than 2nd grade.
Cheesy Gnocchi and Leeks with Crispy Prosciutto is the kind of gooey, cozy, comfort food that I love. I previously used the term "grown-up mac and cheese" when I described Tortellini with Corn and Bacon, and you can add this to that list. Feel free to use whatever cheese rocks your boat. The original recipe called for Fontina and Asiago, but I had neither. I did have Dimock Dairy's Smoked Cheddar, and O.M.G. YUM. It melted into a rich and savory sauce that coated the gnocchi and leeks in creamy heaven. The crisped prosciutto on top is just that little bit of crunch that a dense dish needs and complements the smokey cheese perfectly. Know me, or not, you need to know Cheesy Gnocchi and Leeks with Crispy Prosciutto On My Plate.
Hi there, yes it is market time again, and I will be there of course.
A Journal of the Plague Year, by Daniel Defoe
"Looking for love? Call in the expert. Alice Brown is a matchmaker extraordinaire. She has never, ever failed to find her clients the man of their dreams, and she doesn't intend to start now. As she tells her clients: Life's more exciting when you let yourself be surprised. But Alice's latest client Kate is proving her biggest challenge yet. Kate is a on a mission: she wants the perfect man. Trouble is, Kate could find fault with George Clooney and reject Johnny Depp. Will Kate be the first client for whom Alice fails to find love? Truth is, Alice has failed once before - she is the one person who remains resolutely single. In helping Kate, will she finally learn to take her own advice too?"
techniques and get funky with your artsy side. Just add photos later or layer on
What size is required?
But there's something else that has changed, and it's been working in my heart for a few months now. It's the question of "What is my purpose?" A question I'm sure most if not all of us have asked ourselves. I've been praying, talking, and pondering this. And even more so, how does this involve my natural gifts as an artist? I ask myself this question almost every six months, and it's a cycle, but I feel it's necessary if I am to grow.
An interesting pattern had already begun to form to which I am only now coming to grips, forty-some years later. The biggest thing I learned from my mother was that the world was run by powerful women and for me to survive, I had to keep them happy. My father was king of our house, but only because my mother allowed it. She ran things, and we knew it.
#2. Breakfast in the kitchen– my “fave”* Blackberry scones, sunshine and making plans for the day. Perfect.
a bird gracious
There is no doubt we all have different shopping lists, numbers of mouths to feed, dietary requirements and restrictions. There will also be plus points with some of us producing some food in the backyard. This could be anything from fruit, vegetables and eggs like us, to milk and cheese for some, and beef, chicken, lamb, fish or honey for others. The aim here is to work together to understand YOUR particular needs for your unique family - or if you're a single person, for yourself. Your aim might be to check your budget figures, or to write a budget for the first time and check the grocery part of it for accuracy, or to change how you shop - it should be anything. It will be different for all of us. There is no pressure, no common goal to reach. It's all an exercise on working out what we're spending each week on groceries and the making sure we're get the best value for our dollars, pounds and eruos.
Many of us who love a prodigal are like the walking wounded, totally overwhelmed and dealing with discouragement. Don’t misunderstand me. I know some, probably many, of those wounds are valid. However, I wonder if we don’t sometimes inflict wounds on ourselves. Martha was like that, and I can identify with her because it’s easy for me to work or worry myself into a frenzy and then resent the people who don’t seem as worried as I am. Can’t they see how hard I’m struggling? Don’t they know how difficult my path is? Martha complained to Jesus that Mary wasn’t doing her part. But who told Martha she or anyone else had to do it all? She made that choice herself, and Jesus gently reminded her that she had not made the better choice.
“You should have it checked out, but I’m sure it’s something else,” my mother said. “Like gnats. Your cousin had those and she was convinced it was bedbugs.”
Oh, and here is just one more success of gun bans at schools. The system worked!
In Murray’s view, Lloyd-Jones was “open to some criticism”38 in this controversy. First o f all, Murray thinks that the argument in places depended over-much on the Doctor’s interpretation of the contempary situation so that it “looked more like a matter ofjudgement than ofBiblical principle”. This, however, is open to debate but Lloyd-Jones put no pressure at all on individuals to secede. In my own experience, he discouraged me initially from seceding and wanted to know precisely which Biblical principles I was seeking to honour. It is also a fact that Lloyd-Jones left it to individual ministers and churches to decide the correct and wisest time for secession.
And don't think that a little here and there isn't enough! Over time it adds up. Just like consistant small deposits into a savings account add up to something big after many months, so does your food storage, emergency survival gear, and even your sustainable resources and skills.
This is the direct result of the "Kill the Boer" song, sung by the ANC leadership.
Live Fluoride, Aluminum, Mercury and Toxin Free
Gentrification & parking
Don't worry if that's not you, we have 3 fabulous prizes to give away. Firstly the winner of a $10 spending spree at Digi's with Attitude is....
The participants have been divided into three teams and we asked them to write up a short promo as to why you should listen to their hour.
Reduce the speed of the mixer and gradually beat in the butter, small chunks at a time, until incorporated. Then beat in the vanilla.
Jonas is also a betrayer. He was not unfaithful to Anna, no, he betrayed his mother. He was thirteen years when it started:
In its 38th citable decision of 2006, the Board affirmed a Section 2(a) refusal of the mark MOHAWK for cigarettes, finding that it falsely suggests a connection with the federally-recognized St. Regis Band of Mohawk Indians of New York. In re White, 80 USPQ2d 1654 (TTAB 2006).
If you hear something late at night
The Lemon Drop Kid (1951) ... TCM ... 8 PM
for a meeting they’d set—
Sorry, the whole "I didn't want to worry you, Honey." just doesn't work for me.
Someone a row or 2 down sent a text.
This blog started as a place to document our move to the country, the construction of our home, White Verandah, and some life along the way... What happens here, on this blog, in White Verandah is all real... Our life.. Of course there are parts that you dont see, you dont hear... I am a normal mother of 2 babies, working part time, wife, friend and housewife...
Strong nationalist sentiments or patriotic feelings of any kind especially those which have grown over a long period and are deeply embedded in the national culture are a major obstacle to the ideology of Marxism-Leninism (and multiculturalism). Any attempt to reverse these social affinities and loyalties would, if it relied on purely peaceful means, take decades even centuries to overcome, if at all, and despite the view among the party that the victory of communism was inevitable - capitalism in all its forms was doomed - Lenin was not going to wait until the peasants, bourgeoisie, landowners and emerging industrialists, the “masses” in the jargon of class war, were persuaded of the benefits of the common ownership of the means of production and gratefully abandoned the pursuit of profit and private property. 1917 was Year Zero, the tabula rasa, when the errors of some two thousand years of man’s history were to be rectified by the teachings of Marx and Lenin, at least in Russia, to begin with.
“She remained very relaxed, because she knew that the cuddly cat would continue to visit her on the sofa in her living room!”
As you can see, my responsibility level is high, I need more independence, and you won't have to wait for me after events. I've been waiting several years for a phone and I think now wold be the perfect time to get one.
That video was the Kony 2012 video that anyone reading this has probably already seen.
Built for the Great Exhibition in Hyde Park, and later moved several miles south of the London river Themes, to Crystal Palace park, where it flourished for many years, until it fell out of fashion at around the turn of the century.
The collection contained a selection of key albums, promoted as their best works by those who compiled the set. The band was officially involved, but it did not include Roger Waters any longer, who famously sued or tried to sue the remaining members for continuing on as Pink Floyd without him. This bias is apparent in the album choices featured in the set. Like most, I recognized its short-coming in including the post-Roger Waters album, 1987's A Momentary Lapse of Reason, over the band’s Syd Barret-led debut full-length, 1967's Piper of the Gates of Dawn (guitarist/vocalist David Gilmour had yet to join Pink Floyd). I still got into all the albums inside, very gradually, except for parts of Momentary Lapse of Reason, which still has a dated eighties-era quality and lacked the odd flavor Waters brought to the band. I still own all those versions of the albums, though the outer box wore out practical use over the years, but at least the spines of the CDs look cool lined up on the shelf, as seen in the image below:
Now, that does not make Scourge a New York Times Bestseller (you should be in the top twenty before you start adding that to your byline), but it is a big deal for me, and I am very, very pleased by this turn of events. This represents the initial "push" of the book, and indicates that a lot of copies reached fans who were looking forward to it, and as such is not just a nice thing for the writer (which it is) but a commendation for both the marketing and, ultimately, a testament to the devotion of Star Wars fans who enjoy the novels. Thank you all.
Me: When I was born, Grandma was going to name me Freddie Dougie if I had been a boy (true story, I'm not making it up, and she was actually going to call me Freddie Dougie - thank goodness I was born a girl).
show details 12/14/09
Shoes: Naturalizer
Here are some photos I found for Saturday’s (5 May 2012) super moon. It was so beautiful. Wasn’t much bigger in size but was a really bright full moon and the clear night sky made it all perfect.
1 establish
"Merry" stamp - Recollections
Submissions will be accepted until October 17th and voting runs from the 18th-25th. Chosen designs will be available for purchase at their online store and a portion of the proceeds will go towards UGA.
When you ask people what’s the best commercial ever made, they all say 1984. No, I say… That was the most famous spot ever made. In fact it was written by my good mate Steve Haydon, and it made Ridley Scott enough money to hire David Putnam as a tea boy. But in my humble opinion… This DDB classic from the sixties, sums up what great communication in advertising is all about.
NATO forces spokesman Capt. Justin Brockhoff said there were no indications that any NATO bases were under attack.
- Canvas lining
The bottom line for me is, vegan parents don’t always equal vegan children. Look around at all your vegan friends. How many of them had vegan parents? How many of them had uneducated, McDonalds guzzling, “eat the rest of your bologna and mayonnaise sandwich” parents? We aren’t cookie cutters, despite what many (hopeful) people believe. Even if we could create exact duplicates of ourselves, would we really want that?
I emailed Lagunitas:
It continues to surprise me that even the employees who smoke support the idea of a smoke-free building; in fact, they’re the ones who reintroduced the idea in the first place. Servers are on the front line, and no one knows daily conditions better than they do. If they’re willing to step outside at intervals in order to ensure a full dining room (and more tips), it’s a powerful argument in favor of modernity.
Jean Vander Pyl as Wilma Flintstone
In July 2010, I weighed 204 lbs. In July 2011, I weighed 183. Today I weigh 163. I'm just barely 5'7.
I'm genuinely happy for her. "That’s really great news Mrs Marr. I'm really happy for you love".
I bought the ruler from the designer who has a website here... I have the smaller size ruler which makes blocks from two inches to six inch finished. The larger one makes blocks up to a twelve inch...
through out every single decade of this nations’ history,
I must say it turned out beautifully and just how I was hoping it would. The chandelier from IKEA also made a big difference. The plastic light that was in there before was just hideous. It reminded me of something you see in Furrs Cafeteria and hospitals. Gross! Who would want to get dressed in a room like that?
Hello everyone I am EXO-K’s leader, the guardian of all members, SUHO. This is the first time I’m leaving a message for everyone, and I hope that all fans would be able to read it. From the showcase to MCD, and then Music bank, we’ve been really surprised by all of you. We haven’t been promoting for long but we’ve already received so much care and love from all of you. EXO will continue to put on dazzling performances for all of you.
Beat the creamed cheese, orange juice and orange peel. Fold
She was trying to read along on the closed captioning that was available on the big screens, English is not, after all, the man's first language. She put her glasses on but the glare made it hard for her to see. Someone in our row leaned forward, hen she couldn't really see the screen. I saw her push back in her seat and take off her specs, a frown threatening and a furrowed brow. I gave her a hug and reminded her not to worry about trying to understand. Just look around, just be open to whatever, just have some jelly beans. It's all good.
Cardstock/paper: Pearl cream card, green stripe digital paper from the Digichick
b. Comely
OK, so it isn’t really a ghost, it was an escaped shopping bag, it sure looked like our ghost.
It’s medically ignorant. Genetics play a part in a person’s lifetime health. It’s not bliss to be ignorant about what you may face as you age. You yourself want to know what family genes you carry that predispose you to heart conditions, immune system compromises, cancer, or even just where you will tend to gain weight as you age, don’t you?
How do you beat variations? I’m not really sure, but so far since I switched to playing heads up I have been up. It is slowly going and I seem to be floating between $120 and $130 right now. I got up to $138 but then went on a slight losing streak yesterday. Ultimately I still had a winning percentage over .500, 26 – 22. 46 games I made $1.90. Today, well, not profitable. I mean, I still a winning record but not after the fees. 43 games, my record is 23 – 20. 43 games, after fees I was down $0.45. Got some advice today from someone that I actually used. Today I lost alot of Coin Flips preflop, when I went all in. After losing 3 to this one person, in the same game. One was really bad. He said to me that it used to happen to him too, and he stopped pushing all in and started winning more. I took that advice and started winning more. At one point today I had lost 5 games more than I had won, so I turned it around. Ended the day on a 5 game winning streak. I would like to start making money again though. I guess it’s not that bad. I’ve been at this for about 2 weeks now and I’m doing alright, it’s just slow going. I wonder what it will be like at $5. Will I make more money or not? Who really knows, but I can tell you this, I can’t wait to get my bankroll up to that level and actually begin playing in those games. Then I can’t wait to start playing in $10 and $20 games. That is when you can really start to sustain some sort of maintainable income from this game. At least that is what I think. I know that the opposition is better at the higher levels, but if I can maintain the 60% winning percentage on a day in and day out basis and play in 40 or so games per day. That would be 24 games won, and 16 games lost. That is a winning amount of $160 and fees that put you at $40. So about $120 per day. Multiply that out by 5-7 days per week.. That’s about 600-840 per week. Not too bad. Of course I am about 900+ dollars away from even considering that, so It’s just a pipe dream right now, plus I’m sure at first I will have to adjust my game to become better and win.
"The ANC leaders are afraid of the unions - groups like Cosatu and the SACP - they think these groups deliver a huge constituency but they don't."
“My dad did not have a choice,” Debbie said. “He’s gone. Michael Selsor should pay the same price.”
Adorn the trifle with chocolate buttons. To make it a little more fancy you could add Amaretto to the cream too, and grate dark chocolate over the top rather than chocolate buttons.
“Dominique – I didn’t know Elijah was your man, okay?” I whispered softly, putting my hand on her shoulder. She whacked it off like it was some sort of bug.
Renovating your home can be an exciting endeavor because you get to add a newly designed space to your home that is exactly the way you want it. However, ongoing renovations can also become stressful because they disrupt your normal living patterns and add clutter and dirt to your home. Dust accumulates more quickly, the equipment can be noisy, and the debris from the construction can pose a danger to your kids.
I was paraphrasing but Romney’s question actually went like this:
chemicals in most makeup have been tested for safety,
-a drawing meant to apologize to me for being rude
Melissa Peda's table runner is so cute! It is made with six inch blocks that feature fussy cut Bleeding Hearts (from the Strawberry Serenade fabric) down the center and Primrose Posy triangles down the side. The bright white and blue blocks add a sense of humour.
This sorry looking tree looks as if it's been struck by lightning on numerous occasions, but looks can be deceiving - amazingly enough it produces a plethora of mouth-watering lemons...you'd never believe it! Not to mention the size of some of them, one (the mutant) grew as large as a small grapefruit last year. Amongst all the other uses for this magnificent fruit, tis the season for fresh lemonade & slurpees!
“You, you may say
As one of the founders of Heartwood, a regional forest protection network, she was instrumental in the group’s efforts, which resulted in significant protection of the region’s public forests. Among the public woodlands that benefited from her actions was the Hoosier National Forest in southern Indiana. She also served the organization as executive director, in addition to serving in leadership roles in other forest protection organizations, including Protect Our Woods, the Dogwood Alliance and the National Forest Protection Alliance.
People from all ages may play RC cars. It really is fun and appeals the little one within anyone. Idea keeps growing at a fast pace. The only difference between true cars and RC cars may be the dimension. The simplest regarding REMOTE CONTROL vehicle offers abilities of high speed and is shifted ahead, in reverse or perhaps round easily. The latest innovations of RC vehicles include models which can execute tricks such as true vehicles.
It does not appear Blogger allows you to do this without converting your entire template into HTML.
* ”employ” is a loose term, which means we’ll probably just buy him lots of beers and let him take pics of us in our underwear.
and fashion
“Beware of him, and obey his voice, provoke him not; for he will not pardon your transgressions; for my name is in him.”
Community has been up and down since its return from hiatus in March, but this episode reminds us of how silly and wonderful the show can be when it gets down to it. There is no doubt that the study group’s mission to clear their names will be outlandish, over the top and a lot of fun to watch.
The Paschal sermon of St John Chrysostom is read aloud in every Orthodox parish on the morning of the Great and Holy Pascha of our Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ. According to the Tradition of the Church, no one sits during the reading of St John’s sermon, but all stand and listen with attentiveness.
I have turned into that type of blogger where I blog bi-yearly about stupid updates everyone already knows. The sad part is I don't even know how to change it! I don't know what "interesting" things there are to talk about anymore. So I give a few random updates.
Make some changes to your life now! Be it sleeping earlier, having an exercise regime every once a week, spending time with your family or learning a new language or instrument! All these will significantly change your life the way you have never expected!
I always got a book in my stocking as a kid. I still put at least one book in everyone's stocking every year. Be creative with the choice of books, though. An more expensive magazine that the recipient loves but doesn't often buy themselves (like National Geographic or Vanity Fair). Crossword puzzle books if you know the person enjoys them. Last year there was a Farmers' Almanac in mine, which might sound odd but was actually a gift I kept going back to over and over again.
OH YEAH! I remember……SEX! Or, at least sex BEFORE you get married. WHY? Because it’s not nice. And people will scorn you and you’ll be stuck, as a teenager, all alone by yourself at home toiling away at raising a child when all of your friends are out having teenage fun.
We are all her.
begin lighter and gradually add more ink to create darker areas ... easy peasy !!!!
However, putting that aside, if the latest story is to be believed, it would seem that in her statement, the good Hawaiian doctor was claiming to have personally verified a document which Hawaii had destroyed seven and a half years previously.
Whilst we welcome the new funding from the MRC, the areas highlighted for research are not specific enough. How can we ensure that the money is going to go to the right people?
Storming through the doors of her apartment, Diana Bruni (Claudia Koll) is returning home from another night of "happy banging." Walking toward the audience with great fanfare (the music on the soundtrack acknowledges her swagger by giving off an air of feminine bravado), Tinto Brass wastes little time establishing the configuration of the rarefied culo we'll be spending the next ninety or so minutes with, when he follows her into the living room. The fact that he was unafraid to get his camera as close as possible to her bum as she walked toward her destination was very comforting to me. Think about it, we're only five seconds into the picture, and my mind is already at ease. A vision in thigh-high pvc boots, black silk stockings, and a super-short red dress, Diana, who is calling out to her husband Paolo (Paolo Lanza), strips down to her underwear, well, sort of, as she says later in the film, "I'm minus underpants." And her black bra, while giving her the support she needs, is pretty much useless when it comes to providing her with the coverage she needs to go about her day in a non-nipple gawking manner.
Every single manuscript is unique, therefore making its journey unique from the manuscripts before. Each and every story only happens once.
Another 7-minute suite to end on again. This iTunes definitely knows I need to get to bed! This one has some nice bluesy/jazzy brass playing in amongst some unusual percussion elements. These percussion elements are quite interesting to hear.
If you really feel that
Karen Eeuwens – Businessweek, 01/31/2012
14. Chemical Imbalance
My mom got a Bourbon Island Crepe ($14SG ~$11US) with mango marmalade tossed in light caramel sauce infused with Vanilla Bourbon tea and flavored with coconut, lime and vanilla.
when I looked to see who wanted me
What a great plot thread! (And since my husband and I were surprised by our sixth child *after* I had my tubes tied, I bet he’d love this as an excuse so I can stop blaming him, LOL.) Okay, Robin, before we go, can you tell us what’s next for you?
Beginning, Middle and End
Kids can now eat like the President! Or...like the President would eat if he didn't love his meat toppings so much.
Tuesday
326 days
(We thought initially that Brandon was a Detroit connection. Turns out we met him in Ann Arbor a few years back at Dan’s first Vitae gig.)
Thanks guys!
The original films were released a long, long time ago. So long ago that younger generations of viewers have absolutely no idea who, or what, a Carrie Fisher or a Mark Hamill is. In his infinite wisdom, the great creator has digitally altered the original trilogy so that the main characters are now played by the best, hippest, culturally relevant, totally actors of the modern era. Robert Pattinson as Luke Skywalker! Matthew McConaughey as Han Solo! Megan Fox as Princess Leia! And Will Smith as Lando Calrissian!
The classes will be taught by Southwest staff.
You’re running too fast
Oh, wait. Here comes Felix to perform. I haven’t mentioned so far how very terribly “punny” this movie is. It kind of explains why my younger self liked it. For instance, Felix falls into his magic bag and as he gets out he yells, “who let the cat out of the bag?” #punny.
FUCK.
The following morning, I was snapped out of a deep sleep by a very loud fire alarm at 4:45 a.m.! I had my cell phone alarm set for 6:30 a.m. and wasn’t planning on waking up that early!
F: France~how could I possibly say anything else for F? I took Spanish in HS and French my Freshman year of college. I thought it would be cheating to keep taking Spanish since I had already had it. French was really difficult for me. 2 years later I visited Paris during my semester in Rome. Paris is spectacular.
that "natural hanging out on the couch looking cute pic.")
So, 8 is pouring, and as taps open, we’ll start pouring consecutive Jewbelations in ascending order -- probably no more than two at a time. When one blows, the next in line will take its place.
Amanpour: should government spend money
The WORD says… God gives wealth, possessions, and power to enjoy them (Ecclesiastes 5:19).
Hi! I’m Hypia, I live in Brazil, I’m 23 years old, and I’m online friends with Lindsey. When Lindsey asked me if I’d like to write a guest post I almost jumped in front of my computer!!!
Traveler – he will come in one of the pre-chosen forms. During the rectification of the Vuldronaii, Traveler came as a large and moving Torb! Then, during the third reconciliation of the last of the Meketrex supplicants, they chose a new form for him – that of a giant Sloar! Many Shubs and Zuuls and Bruins knew what it was to be roasted in the depths of the Sloar that day, I can tell you!
Here she is last summer when she was 20 weeks old....
This morning, I made some egg-white burritos (whole wheat burritos, of course).
Some thoughts for your daily PLAN:
The body is more susceptible to heart disease, diabetes, joint problems and loss of bone density with lesser amounts of lean muscle.
And, if you were paying attention to the Collect, and how it relates to the Epistle, you will see that bishops, priests and deacons are placed in His Church to be stewards of the mysteries of Christ, in order to teach His people this very thing: To be ready to meet Him. The picture of John the Baptist is used by the Church to remind the messengers that we too must prepare the people for the coming of the Lord, for the day when He shall appear in glory, and we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ.
Home Alone 2: Lost in New York ... ABC Family ... 8:30 PM
"a writer and performer who believes in the equal power of the tear and the belly laugh. Born and raised in San Francisco and now based in Los Angeles, he aims to cross-pollinate the stage, screen and stereo with work that speaks to both the humor and frustrations of modern life."
That you can’t rinse away
Image 3: Earth mother Gaia.
I thought I'd give away some vintage style candy to celebrate that spring is officially here (I've put out the garden chairs on the patio) and that I have blogged for 3 years ( I started this blog in March 2009) and that my hit counter has passed 70 000.
Pictures of the exterior of a home should be taken in early evening or morning – not midday, direct sun. Morning and early evening light is most complimentary and will give you better quality images.
and on thursday last week, she threw an awesome burlesque party at czar on florida road, durban.
Your weak heart shook with fright,Looking for your mom’s arm in the night.
of her and you can’t help it, can’t help but break
I know it's been several weeks since I've posted anything significant, and I hope my fellow bloggers won't kick me off their blogrolls for inactivity. I'm trying to put parts of my life together--more on that later--and I just haven't had time to think about my card collection in a while. Thank you so much to my 26 loyal followers and I promise to start posting again soon.
I'm a keen observer. I watch people, I read how they react to situations, to me, to anything. I'm aware. I know how to take social cues and when to back off. I make it a point to identify a person's level of comfort and their boundaries and I tread on the right side of those. Seems like it's a dying practice. I'm just going to break some of it down.
Anyway, I was looking at all these Crafty ladies milling about the Kings Hall and all the while I was wondering did I know any of them from Blogland. It was really starting to bug me and at one stage I really wanted to shout out at the top of my lungs "Oi YOU LOT........I'M CRAFTY LOOPS IN BLOGLAND. DO ANY OF YOU KNOW ME OR DO I KNOW YOU?" And as much as I would have loved to have done that, I would have run the risk of Tara and Maddy grabbing their bags (with T probably grabbing my purse in the process!) and then swiftly running off down one of the crowded aisles in an attempt to ditch me!! So I didnt shout anything, which was me totally fighting against my nature.....believe me!
Half of Henrick’s life has gone – pfft! – and the final leg is not shaping up the way he might have hoped. He’s not simply being a doom monger though. His fears are grounded in the real world. He looks at his parents’ marriage and shudders:
i went mostly random.
Step 8 (In Which The Chocolate Bar Teams Up With The Penguins): There is no picture of me grating the chocolate bar for the chocolate shavings. This was the worst part of the whole process. I didn’t freeze the chocolate bar, so wherever I held it, it melted around my fingers as I grated. The pieces would snap off, so that I had to grate about 15 little half-inch-sized, semi-melted pieces of chocolate, rather than just holding the six-inch bar from the top and grating merrily all the way down, the way I had envisioned. It was messy and irritating and I scraped my finger more than once. Meanwhile, the hockey game raged on, a series of unfortunate events and stunned moments of disbelief.
“Who are you?” Keith pointed to the man in the chair.
Urban consanguineous marriages = 24%
Golmaal Returns came up with great excitement since people was impatiently waiting for another comedy masala of Rohit Shetty. It did have the same basic starring as part I had. Ajay Devgan, Tushaar Kapoor, Arshad Warsi came in to the scene with the exception of Laxman role that played by Shreyas Talpade, which were previously played by Sherman Joshi. Such alternation was not digestible but good acting of Shreyas Talpade was appreciable to some extent. Apart from this, numerous addition we had to explore like plenty of heroins Kareena Kapoor, Amrita Aroora, Celina Jaitley, plenty of song collection. All over it was good comedy masala but inspite of such great additions people missed the charm of Golmaal.
I’ve always considered myself to be somewhat of a spiritual person. I’ve never really fully explored it but i’ve always felt it. I’ve dabbled in yoga, meditation, past lives, sweat lodges and pow wows in the past and found all those things to be very soothing. Why I didn’t continue? The same reason why I never stick with anything. I don’t focus. Why I don’t focus. I’m a drug addict and I have been for my entire adult life. I’ve never really asked myself why. I always just blamed my first boyfriend, the drug dealer. Why did i make these horrible decisions. Why did I peak in high school? How could I be excelling one year and the next take a total dive into self destruction? I think I found some answers yesterday.
Think nationally. Think about the future of liberty-oriented politics. Ron Paul has had his shot. Now clear a path for Gary Johnson to actually get somewhere, in the fall. Hold your nose one last time and vote... (heaven help us)... for Scudder.
With the usual interesting results.
As expected, both Sebring and Spa have been confirmed as pre-Le Mans rounds, with the Le Mans 24 Hour event itself now featuring as a round of the cup. Silverstone is currently the only round confirmed as a post-LM24 event. The notable omission of Petit Le Mans from the schedule came as a surprise to many, with only a ‘TBA/Overseas’ notice listed adjacent to the month of October.
It’s that time of year where the television bombards us with an absolute deluge of Christmas programming. You know what I’m talking about: It’s a Wonderful Life, A Christmas Story, How the Grinch Stole Christmas, any one of the thousands of versions of A Christmas Carol. Ever since I was a kid, the Charlie Brown Christmas special has been a favorite of my family. It is the only one that I make an effort to watch each year. The music by Vince Guaraldi, Snoopy dancing around like a lunatic and the saddest looking Christmas tree ever!....what more could you ask for a Christmas show?
As I took the pan off the stove to replace it with a new one, I said to Jack,
especially the buildings!! if you're into architecture & art, you'll definitely love Barcelona!
After a quick check on AA route planner, I discovered that the closest I am to any of the breweries that my beers originated is 251.5 miles, which kinda emphasises the point of beer swap.
Is created by the light that is she.
My blisters feel a little better, but my calves, quads, glutes and low back are tightening up, and my right wrist hurts.
It’s good to remember some of the things we learn so that we don’t have to keep going over the same stuff; like from Abraham – - “We can’t get it wrong,” and “You’ll never get it done.” . . accepting that, it kinda frees one up to just go and do what you need to do. It honestly doesn’t matter which choices we make, as long as they are ours and we want to do them.. When you look at some of the plans offered here and there, we often find someone is trying to sell us something, perhaps the plan itself, some supplements which promise to help us or fix our problems and so on. May not like it, but that’s how everything seems to work – - hey people gotta make a living right? Totally understandable.
Julia at Pawleys Island Posh took a basic black table, and made it stunning...thanks to the power of Rust-Oleum! Looks like she and I are set to have a Liberace's Lair face-off!
we mostly just rambled around
I do have pictures of our mini vacation but I haven't even looked at the camera yet to see what is on it. I'll be back soon with more to share.
Hello everyone , welcome to my room . Special welcome to new followers , Lee and Elainea1.
Not surprisingly, dogs were the first to join the humans, estimated to have begun 32,000 years ago, followed by goats, sheep, and pigs, around 12,000 to 10,000 years past. Cats were domesticated in the Fertile Crescent about 9,000 years ago and were venerated by the ancient Egyptians. The horse transformed our history, beginning around 6,000 years ago in Eurasia.
Nancie
If the younger woman is a writer, she eventually writes something about the older woman.
I thought about just bunching one up the other day and making it look folded. Then I did it and realise I think I do a better job when I actually attempt to fold it because then it doesn’t crinkle so much. I don’t know if I do it right but I think I’ve mastered it alright as I’ve got older, I’m no Martha Stewart but I haven’t seen her teaching me how to do that shit right!
Today would have been a great sick day.
SHOW DATES: Saturday August 4th – Sunday August 19th, 2012
The Doctor has regenerated into a rather more difficult persona. He and Peri must do battle with a big slug.
From the Wall Street Jornal:
The sports world would also announce the return of Tiger Woods at the PGA US tour and wishes him luck, but to also keep your eye on your favorite sports/teams for more news and analysis.
Even the six-hour drive home was enjoyable (if a little nerve-wracking) because we listened to The Hunger Games. What a great book! I can't wait to get the next one now.
So, there Liam was one day, in a huddle with one of his best friends, planning the day's play at recess, when I overheard one of the teachers say, "Liam, are you working on your goals?" Of course, an absolutely accurate, honest answer would have been, "Why yes, Miss Teacher, I am working on my goals right this moment! Thank you so much for your interest!" But, Liam has always been a sweet, lovely boy, not the wise guy his mom can be, and he hung his beautiful head and was thwarted once again. My heart breaks thinking of it.
Just a little over 24 hours after the PICC line was taken out Rylee started running high fever again. My mom and I took her to the ER and sure enough it was another UTI. The plan was for us to go home, after she received a shot of antibiotics, and then return the following morning for her to have the PICC line put back in. The doctor at the ER called Rylee's nephrologist and she said this would be a better plan than admitting her. So we head home. At this point its about 2 in the morning.
- Avoid meat
I know which one I'd prefer. I love a bit of comfort. lol.
1 1/2 c. sugar
Titan sheets of oxidized metal bend in convex and concave forms, each sculpture is deliberately an encounter within the gallery space. Here Serra’s work is positioned as an environment in relation to the confines of the gallery. These site-specific structures are designed with the walls as a counterpoint to communicate an enclosure, or an opening. The scale and expansion of the sculptures are in relation to the scale of the building. These reconstitute the gallery less familiar; the relation between the gallery walls to an artwork has been to set a platform, an exhibition of assorted works in a curated design. Serra is motivated to produce in order to broaden experiences. Serra’s designs protrude into the gallery ceiling and impinge on the institution’s authority of hosting an artwork. But it is not a competition, but gravity, and the spirals of the sculptures invite the viewer into a vortex of looking up down or straight ahead, eyesight can’t quite bend.
A quiet place in a small town
A plot involving many excursions everywhere is bound to be a fascinating one and adding in the CIA was sort of the cherry on top. While most things went smoothly, I did find that the pacing was off in some parts of the book. I also felt like sometimes Jackson would connect things and I'd wonder how he was able to with the pieces provided. This might have been two different mindsets at work but I wish everything was a little clearer. I'm still not sure I understand exactly what happened in the big fight scene at the end.
If my ideas are not phone or web based, then they are usually in written form. I love to write poetry.
The homeless, whores, junkies and simply fucked-up might gather around it? They might even light candles?! Actually, I'd kinda like that! Hang on! It would become covered in bird-shit and dirty mags as well - I'd see it every time that I walk by here - I can't have that?!
3. WORLD ON A WIRE (1973) at the Roxie. Rainer Werner Fassbinder did the MATRIX some 26 years before the Wachowski brothers came up with it. And he did it as a 4 1/2 hour epic made for German TV. Awesome.
- Market shares by producer:
Wishing it could be of worth
Basically, it's a type of stew, cooked in a pot (we use an electric skillet) in the centre of the table. Each diner takes morsels from this pot and dips them in a sauce in his/her bowl. Everyone makes their own sauce according to their individual tastes.
* The set list rocks. The only tracks I didn't really care for were "Girl Gone Bad" and I thought Dave made "Ice Cream Man" horrible, and that's one of my favorite VH songs ever. They didn't play "Stay Frosty" which sucks because I love that track. But they come out blasting with "Unchained" and before it's over you get all the biggies like "Panama" and "Running With The Devil" and stuff like "I'll Wait" and "Everybody Wants Some"... plenty of stuff from the new release too.
Dropped and Chopped is an exhibition of traditional rods and customs between 1946 and 1960. This will be the last week of the exhibit that opened Jan. 22. Visit the California Automobile Museum before these beauties are gone.
To enter: (Google Docs is giving my trouble so we're doing this the old way)
According to Ernst & Young LLP, the award recognizes outstanding entrepreneurs who demonstrate excellence and extraordinary success in such areas as innovation, financial performance and personal commitment to their businesses and communities. Grossman was selected by an independent panel of judges, and the award was presented at a gala event at the Omni Orlando Resort at ChampionsGate Thursday.
Some increase, sure. But not nearly enough to explain the increase in prisoners in jail for these two classes of crime. Sentences for crimes in these categories must be getting harsher, either going from non-custodial to custodial sentences, or lengthier custodial sentences.
I did have to apologise for not bringing back the cheesesteak though.
Later I added in some more little coastal paintings I already owned and a crazy faux bois lamp. ( I love this lamp & realize it's one of those pieces that doesn't appeal to most people but that I just have this strange kitcshy love for.) ....
Mimi's Cafe not only sounds feminine, but it's architecture looks like a cute little house you might see at Disneyland. That's probably not the best draw for a guy's night out, even if the food is good.
What other Storage Container Storage tips do you have for us? Any other creative space saving solutions?
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Luckily, it was a quiet enough residential street and the people who lived there were used to this sort of thing.
A good name brings honor to Christ’s church, while a bad name brings reproach upon Christ’s church. “When the wicked cometh, then cometh also contempt, and with ignominy reproach” (Proverbs 18:3). Ignominy – shameful behavior. Reproach – disgrace. I cannot engage in disgraceful behavior without bringing disgrace upon the church. Others (beside ourselves) are affected by our reputation. “The just man walketh in his integrity: his children are blessed after him” (Proverbs 20:7).
04 - Eddy Mitchell - Le Blues du Blanc
Give a better value for ones mobile customers by making a dedicated opt-in database selection for them. It will assist you to provide your clients that has a superior value and also a great experience while simultaneously providing you an extremely bigger bargain. It’s actually a win-win situation here.
I don't know why it's taken my so long to notice this. Maybe because I have a particular fondness to bootcut jeans and blocked everything else out. As I pondered this I found myself scouring the internet for the perfect black ankle wedges that would look great with straight and skinny bottoms.
In unimpeachable Bullet-O-Vision™:
This is why an organization needs to develop…minimum acceptable standards…within the frame of their pay plans…
Abhishek Dutta had a mélange of modish women’s wear, menswear combined avec chic accessories. Archana Kochhar showcased her uber chic resort-wear where Aanchal Kumar and Aryan Vaid walked as the showstoppers.
When I am not surrounded by the details of my life there is space for other things.
into one amoebic puddle & gonzo
I believe this is what has been predicted by Mark Steyn, among others. The USA and the UK, the major powers of the previous 3 centuries, will be at the centre of this one, too. But they will share the spot with India and maybe some other countries such as Japan, "honorary members" of the Anglosphere. This alliance will try to contain China, and will have hostile relations with the Islamic world.
So the last we left off here was that everything was built (with the exception of the desktops which really only needed to be cut). So the next logical step was to begin painting. After sanding everywhere and then putting all the pieces on little lifts so I could reach all areas, I started with a coat of primer. Then I decided I wanted to paint the inside of the desk something fun so I took all the pieces outside and used some blue paint to tape off the edges that I wanted to stay white. By the way, the bottom piece is the lid to the window seat upside down. On the right are the four drawers laid out right next to each other and the window seat box is on the left and finally the cabinet is at the top. The cabinet that holds the four drawers didn't need to be painted since you'll never see the interior of it.
Ordinary World
Desnoes & Geddes Limited Red Stripe Jamaican Lager
Crazy About a Woman
4) It is NOT religious. Prayer is very casual, as stressed by recruitment guy.
Merry Christmas to you and yours!
One is that Health reform ( Obamacare) is being held hostage to the HHS Birth control mandate.
So, be inspired by the photo in anyway it inspired you. Since this is an inspiration challenge, projects do need to demonstrate that they are indeed inspired by the photo. You can go to Paper Cupcakes and see my team mates creation. Thanks in advance.
“It’s propaganda, Tori. You can’t throw your life away for a pamphlet.”
I’m so happy to see you!
By the way, my Dad is currently reading my copy of this book! So it’s fine for normal people.
11. Hans Rainer Jr. - Abendglocken
have been trimmed down, because I've had a few weeks to breathe. Unfortunately,
You see, if you have an underactive thyroid, no matter if you are on medication, your colesterol levels are elevated naturally.
Finally, here was the distinction I had been looking for! I can try to describe for you the differences between an intuitive and a sensor, but, alas, the limitations of my intuitive-ness might call for outside sources.
Martin withers once won the vc
It was truly an honor to be invited to such fun and inspiring events!
In contrast with nearly every other major comic figure to come out of vaudeville (Chaplin, Fields, Allen, Marx, Williams), Laurel exhibited next to no intellectual pretensions, inclinations or abilities. He lived breathed, ate, and slept gags. Hearing him speak in interviews is a bit shocking. The fact of the matter is, he was like many ballet dancers, opera singers and classical actors – a practitioner of a complex “high” art who shocks you by being an otherwise ignorant and superficial person. In reality, a philosophical nature and book smarts can be a hindrance to a performing artist. While Fred Allen and Groucho Marx were without peer in the delivery of lines, neither could act his way out of a paper bag. Chaplin’s intellectuality eventually alienated him completely from his audience. Stan never tried to do more than connect with an audience and audiences were grateful.
this black and viscous sea,
It’s a MAD, MAD, MAD, MAD World if you follow the broadband industry. Barriers are falling, borders are reshaping, allegiances are changing.
legally binding,
May all beings be at ease!
My eyes pop open
And then I remembered this young engineer, whose name is Tsengue Tsengue, student of the Ecole Centrale de Paris, who came back in his native country, namely the Congo, to patent several of his invention and install a factory which hired numerous young unemployed.
“We must have a bad connection. It keeps beeping and your father is asleep on the couch so it can’t be him.”
1 vermiform
This list below isn't inclusive, but it covers my normal modus operandi.
Why is this film called Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man? It should be called The Wolf Man Meets Frankenstein! Wolf Man owns this film! This could have been the perfect sequel to the wonderful 1941 original Wolf Man, but the addition of Frankenstein’s monster does muddy things up a bit. We begin a few years after the original Wolf Man ended. Bludgeoned to death by his father with a sliver walking stick; Lawrence Talbot now lies in the family crypt. Two men break into the crypt in hopes of scoring some booty and inadvertently awaken the Wolf Man. Talbot awakes disoriented in a hospital in another town. When questioned, the confused Talbot can not recall the events that brought him there. He does however remember his name is Lawrence Talbot and he hails from Llanwelly. When they check with the Llanwelly authorities they are told that Lawrence Talbot is dead. Talbot begins to recall the strange and horrifying truth of his existence. Desperate to be rid of his curse he escapes from the hospital. He sets out to find Maleva; the old gypsy woman whose son was responsible for his infliction. He finds Maleva who agrees to help him. Maleva knows of a doctor by the name of Frankenstein who may be able to help Talbot.
Now back to the fancy shmancy camera Mr. Genius got, let's compaire a picture that I took with my phone and what a picture looked like the real camera looks like. Cuz I know there are some people out there that can't tell a different...*cough*cough* mom *cough*cough*
For those of us who have been to the Rake in Borough Market, imagine that but bigger and you have it. It is a good well run bar with lots of staff for when it gets busy and also importantly knowledgeable staff that aren't afraid to say 'I don't know but bare with me whilst I ask for you'. Thumbs up for these guys. The beer is well kept and the prices are very reasonable for this part of London.
A very happy Meryl Streep. Maybe not the best choice of dress according to me, but as I mentioned earlier there are worse.
Pacific Asia Museum is located at 46 North Los Robles Avenue, Pasadena, California 91101. The museum is open Wednesday through Sunday from 10 am to 6 pm. Admission is $9 general, $7 students/seniors, and free for museum members and children under 12. Admission is free every 4th Friday of the month.
You can start number one...
She is a wonderful baby, and is well loved, especially by her big brother W!
Directed by one of France most eclectic and prolific filmmakers, ROMAN DE GARE weaves a carefully constructed web of deceit where nothing and no one is what appears to be.
Ah, the long cruel winter of the one hit wonder (this did actually make the top 30, just, but do you remember it?) Doing away with his trusty piano he seems really quite unsure what to do, opening with some jigging-cum-jogging on the spot. It doesn't help that the orchestra have interpreted the recorded version's mixed down wah-wah rhythm guitar as a prominent chicken-squawk and removed most of the jug band bits copied off In The Summertime and The Pushbike Song, but Dundas could have done his bit by singing in the same octave as usual rather than a slightly deeper timbre. His backdrop reminds us that The Sky At Night was on last week.
2012-01-23 20:36
Oh hey, who am I kidding, though? People can’t even be bothered to get their knee all the way to the ground when they genuflect (in front of the Tabernacle, you know, wherein reposes Christ, their Saviour), so why would they bother about knowing the word “consubstantial”?
See ya tomorrow for the Aurifil winner... i'm off for a Yam night!!
It's just her and I
Mississippi was represented on the fields of Gettysburg by infantry brigades of Davis of Heth's division, Hill's corps, consisting of the Second, Eleventh, and Forty-second Mississippi regiments ad the Fifty-fifth North Carolina regiment, which was temporarily assigned to it; Barksdale's brigade of McLaw's division, Longstreet's corps, consisting of the Thirteenth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth and Twenty-first regiments; Posey's brigade of Anderson's division, Hill's corps, consisting of the Twelfth, Sixteenth, Nineteenth, and Twenty-first regiments; Ward's Mississippi battery (the Madison Light Artillery) of Poague's battalion, which was attached to Pender's division.
While I was still teaching, I had many streams of income coming in from all different directions. This made my transition to staying-at-home much easier.
Place the almonds on a cookie sheet and put in a cold oven and bake at 350 degrees for 12-15 minutes until the inside of nuts are tan. Remove and set aside.
because I don’t like to ask
“Small family-based livestock producers will find it increasingly difficult to stay in the market, unless effective organizational arrangements, such as contract farming or cooperatives, can be designed and used… the loss of competitiveness requires policy interventions, not necessarily to maintain smallholder involvement in agriculture, but to provide opportunities for finding livelihoods outside the agricultural sector and to enable an orderly transition.”
“Like other submarkets around Atlanta, retail centers in places that are not well-located continue to have difficulty filling vacancies, a sign of the continuing challenges in the economy,” Brown says. “Carrollton Crossroads is definitely a standout in the Carrollton market, as are several other value retail centers. This niche has proven to be a big winner in Carollton.”
You want to know what director William F. Claxton is most famous for working on? Westerns. You want to know what a majority of the cast (save for one or two) were famous for working on? Westerns. You want to know what co-writer Gene R. Kearney was most famous for working on? Well, TV mysteries...but I guess he was branching out for this. Fellow scribe Don Holliday only has this movie to his credits, probably because his agent got wind of this project and he never wrote in this town again, et cetera.
What we don’t have recorded is the downhill slide of love to hate. When did it go from “I’ve gotta keep you with me” to “I’ll make out with all your girl friends and tag your face just to rub it in”? We’re left to speculate what happened, where things went wrong.
Hit RETURN to continue.
Because I'll never let you go.
Another member of the Liberal Party, Jens Rohde, suggested they move their company’s main seat to Teheran.
Wheels:Yes,I'm not afraid of the cows,but why did the Farmer think I would be bullying them?
Is anyone else in love with Nate these days? What happened to pot-smoking, happy-go-lucky Nate? Now, he’s in charge of a newspaper (which, I mean, come on, but still!), and kicking ass. Although this week, after receiving an anonymous tip that Chuck and Blair’s accident was not an accident at all, he starts digging until he finds out the car was intended for him. I knew it! What is Nate’s next move going to be, especially since we know Gossip Girl sent him the blast….Are we actually going to find out Gossip Girl’s identity? That would be cool!
Short term dream – Find a cure for her mother’s wasting sickness
Did you get any great presents?? I got an ice cream maker!! I'm so excited! Now I just need to get a recipe book for it.
LindszerWest is not only a lifelong reader, she is a nook owning, bad-boy lover who saw the post announcing Wuthering Wednesdays and just had to jump in! Seriously, she was blasting my Facebook page with Heathcliff quotes *very fangirl*.
And it is:
Presidential scholar Stephen Hess, of the Brookings Institution, said the president should ignore the whiners and have fun. "The history of presidents' vacations is that they can do no right. So my advice to the Obamas is while the economy needs stimulating, they should spend-spend-spend and, of course, try to have a good time," he told Whispers.
Generika Drugstore is pleased to announce the winners of the Gadgetulations Raffle Promo held on February 15, 2012 to April 15, 2012. The grand draw was on April 27 at the head office of Generika in Paranaque City.
You are wasted time
Stress levels rising. Duck and Cover.
Other Examples?
02 Sons Of Pioneers
I hate giving up a dream. The person left behind is not as good. I already know about the bitterness you acquire. Whether or not I can still do anything about it, I want to know what she wanted. I know some of it. I see some of it in other women. I feel like she’s part of a Counterforce against the conformity stretching its fingers across all lands and all media as we become some kind of 21st century monoculture.
* several books she's reading
We hired three guys to help us in the move at a cost of $85/hour. I had used this company before and they were legit, so I booked them again. Between those three guys, and The Husband I was pretty much in the way. Like any smart woman, I took that opportunity to go shopping. We needed mirrors for the bathrooms, curtain rods throughout the house (I had brushed nickel, but they need to be oil rubbed bronze in this house), a ladder, a steam mop and 2'' faux wood blinds for 12 windows.
Sam Hurst is a Rapid City filmmaker.
Policymakers 20 years ago, extrapolating on then-current crime trends, expected an explosion of offenders and started building prisons. In particular, the early data suggested the rise of "superpredators," a wave of juvenile delinquents that would flood the criminal justice system in the early 2000s. The wave, however, never happened and crime rates have fallen since 1991. Florida now has excess prison room, about 116,000 beds for 102,000 inmates - a number that's basically been flat for three years. Cutting back on these incarceration costs will save the state $15 million, and could cost up to 1,600 jobs.
Come on! That's just 12 and a half days of a thousand words - which is about two hours' steady writing each weekday until school holidays bring all the chicks home to roost once more.
By the glistening waters
Rushing to work to make others rich
Cotton is durable, soft and machine washable. Everyone loves snuggling up to clean, fresh cotton. With cotton slip covers in a variety of elegant covers, you can keep your home looking and feeling great while protecting valuable furniture from pet hair and dirt. Allow your dogs and cats to play of the furniture as much as you or they wish, then, just throw this durable cover in the wash with your regular load of laundry. Tumble dry, and you're all set. Cotton is a famously affordable fabric, so you can stock up on tons of gorgeous colors. Change the look of a room in one move with great looking, functional slip covers in Sage, Chocolate, Taupe, Bluestone and more.
I have no clue what color they will be, but that doesn't matter to me, it's the smell I'm after. I love the heady fragrance of hyacinths, just like lily of the valley or the scent of lilacs, that smell tells me spring has arrived.
A/N: I’m sorry for my mistake before *deep bow* so I repost this fict. I hope everyone still want to read it^^ Don’t forget to comment okay! well, this fict for a halloween but it’s too late ~~; Happy reading!
If you have a Teenage girl then you have probably seen the Hunger games.... And if you have seen the Hunger Games you have also notice the false eyelashes that the female Actors wore. These are called Paperself Lashes and they are made from delicately cut out paper.
And even though it all went wrong
06. Roll With The Changes
marries the start of beautiful day.
It's true, I never saw Nemesis in its entirety before now, but the "cyborg fucking shootout" in the Shang Loo hotel has been in contact with my illustrious eyeballs on several occasions over the years. I first saw the infamous shootout on cable while volunteering over at a community centre for wayward she-male's with low self-esteem back in the mid-90s and more recently in an online setting.
alas the above title makes this seem like I am 9 years old, and have been to the beach with a bucket and spade and a worry free unembittered cloud of relentless optimism bubbling above my brow. Alas its not like or about that. This is Britain. Its cold. I am middle aged. I am not in the least bit optimistic about any attractions I visit. I am woefully unexcited about almost everything i undertake. Except going to the pub of course which is usually tremendously rewarding...
If I'm gonna hit a traffic jam,
And a friend who will always be there.
But, I decided that just because I am alone now, doesn’t mean my dreams have to stop. On the contrary. I can travel without fear of being impaled by a mailbox when my husband would drive in the direction he is looking when he really should be paying attention to the road. No, this would be much better. And why in the world would I be lonely? I would be with me!
But THIS was the book that was in there:
Whenever I need to destress a bit,
The talented author-illustrator's latest creation is There Goes Ted Williams: The Greatest Hitter Who Ever Lived (Candlewick Press). I'm thankful to Matt, who agreed to share his own history as a fan and occasional collector.
15. Retrains all judges and attorneys in Constitutional Law
In case you are wondering...Lego Creationary is really fun!
white and pink —
And they don’t even have to wear caps and gowns! The girls wear white dresses (and I didn’t ask what they guys wear but I’m guessing slacks and a dress shirt). They have their graduation mid-May and gowns would just be too hot.
Last week, after listening to David Woodbridge’s podcast where he walked me through using Googlevox with Samnet, my interest was peeked again. I went back to Googlevox, and was pleasantly surprised by the improvements Google had made in their latest update to GoogleVox. It took some time, but I took the tutorial and played around with GoogleVox learning a lot of the keyboard shortcuts. I then signed up for a free trial of Samnet. Samnet is pretty simple for use even for someone who is blind and not a computer whiz. You can easily navigate the entire site using the tab, shift, arrows, and enter keys. I of course have learned some quicker ways to navigate the site, as I am impatient and a much more advanced computer user.
Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, said in the same letter he "proudly suppported" the FAA Modernization and Reform Act that allowed for the domestic use of drones. There are many institutions in his home state that the FAA has cleared for done use, including Texas A&M University, the police forces in the city of Arlington outside Dallas-Fort Worth and Montgomery County near Houston.
From that point on, support at meetings in Barking and Dagenham started to dwindle. And not only was attendance at branch meetings falling off, but the number of ward news letters going out was diminishing. As early as late 2008, the overall picture in Barking and Dagenham was that the borough was starting to slip away. And Head Office was becoming ever more remote.
Ø Would Have: Past tense that draws attention to things that didn’t actually happen.
PiHi
"I wouldn't call it manipulation." Once again, the mirth had fled from her face with amphibian, slippery speed. "It's well-established that humans meet us with less suspicion and distrust if we take on attractive guises. Since my assignment with Dora required trust from the first, I attempted to maximise the effect."
Thanks for reading today’s entry in The Ralphie Chronicles!
Try to escape the advancing sheet of ice!
The trumpet vine, otherwise known as Campsis radicans, is a plant you’ve probably seen many times and don’t even realize you’ve seen it! The trumpet vine is a native plant to Florida, but can also be found in many areas throughout the eastern, southeastern, and southwestern parts of the United States.
“Flash has a lazy line and Jaffa has stirrups” – if this sounds like a Secret Service message, then you need to attend the One Minute Rescue training session on 5 May 2012.
I'm so glad you could visit.
Worship is the process of feeling our way to the Father. He’s not far…and he doesn’t tease us.
“Thank you for flying Virgin Atlantic,we hope you will join us again.”
Delft AEC Press Statement
“Textures” of Winter Citrus (L’orange Sanguine, Aloe Ice, Hibiscus Sorbet)
I concluded my prayer with the words ‘Please help me to refrain from pettiness. Amen.’
Things I counted:
Yearbook Awards:
It would appear that Cllr Davey lives comfortably with his mum and dad, and is lucky not to have had to face the challenges that the less comfortably off residents of Broken Barnet have to face when they find themselves in need of social housing. Which is interesting, as, God help us and save us, Cabinet member Cllr Davey is in charge of housing in this borough.
dependent on anybody." 1 Thessalonians 4: 11 & 12
“ The Good Braider is a masterful triumph of character and story. Terry Farish’s Viola – strong, frank, tenderly wistful, and brave – is so expressive and endearing, that you will never encounter a refugee from anywhere without remembering Viola and her family. This is a novel of deep understanding and unforgettable empathy.” – Naomi Shihab Nye
Father: Well, let's take our home for example. I am the wage earner, so let's call me “Tony Blair.” Your mother is the administrator of money, so we'll call her “Gordon Brown.” We take care of your needs, so we'll call you “the People.” We'll call the maid “the Working Class,” and your baby brother we can call “the Future.” Do you understand, son?
Listen, it’s quite simple. You take an ordinary bitch out the hood, or out of normality and you show her a new world, you upgrade her, you introduce her to a brand new life and you make it OK for her to have those luxuries on your dime; please know that ring you put on a finger cost HALF of everything your ass owns.
Cya!!! :)
To finish, I added some peachy-pink sheer wired ribbon. I had it the way I liked it for about 60 seconds, before a nosy dog peeked up from under the craft table, knocking it out of my hands. The bow went wonky and I ended up fussing and faffing about with that darn bow forEVER. So much so that looking at it now, I see I forgot to add the tails. No wonder it doesn't look right. LOL Well, I can always give up bows like my friend Squirrel (although between you and me, I think she's a right bit harder on herself than she needs to be). I added one of the punched butterflies with some pearls to the bow as my last touch. The finished card isn't exactly what I pictured, but it's pretty... and each card is a learning experience for the next one. (Bows with tails, Christy... bows with tails.)
Other artists were also let go of..
Well, for me, as I looked at the pamphlet in my hand, I saw the answer to that question. It was in the name.
Don’t get me wrong, some things are just common sense. Hey, you might not want to kiss a guy and then hit him with the “WHEW! That was amazing” comment right after because it probably seems like you haven’t kissed anyone in 22 years, and you’re 25. BUT at the same time, if you do happen to do that and the guy likes you enough – he’ll laugh that off, make a joke about it with you and keep the party going. If he doesn’t, he probably wasn’t trying to take it past that kiss anyway.
So then, although it is fair to say that Supersonic didn’t strike me as quite as enticing this time around and that Mizosely Folk was the one that triggered most of my 2011 being-excited-about-a-festival pheromones, it’s still a hell of a thing for which we should all be thankful.
An imbalance in our energies could be caused by something that’s either mental or emotional in origin. Long before we get sick, there could be a thought or an emotion that has not been properly processed, expressed or attended to. This results in a blocked energy somewhere in our system which affects the functioning of our body. We then develop an illness or a dis-ease.
According to that chart, the 9th Division accounted for 31,135 enemy KIAs during that period versus 1,869 U.S. KIAs, a 16.7 to 1 ratio.
"For the period between January 12005 and April312010, Jwara received R2299326,20; Jwili received R217454,96 and Makgosani received R230448,17," he said.
Sleep My Darling
But the reason I decided to have a highwayman in my story was because I read about Claude du Vall. With my love of the restoration period, he had to be my highwayman of choice. He was dashing and fashionable, everything you need in such a man, and, allegedly, never resorted to violence. But what really made me warm to him was the fact that he agreed not to take everything from one of his victims if the man's wife agreed to dance with him. Here he is at that very moment. (You wonder why they
It is shocking to me that the ole reliable Spurs have come to the forefront of the Western Conference. Just like every other year, I counted them out at the beginning of the season and said that this would be the year it all fell apart. But thanks to great moves by the front office, this is the deepest team in the playoffs. After an exhausting regular season, that depth may be more important than ever. And don’t you for one minute forget about Tim Duncan. The man is still a force to be reckoned with in the paint. Don’t let his numbers fool you, they are down because he is playing a career low 28.2 minutes a game. Yes, he is getting old, but he gives this team an inside presence that can cause huge matchup problems for lots of teams. And I haven’t even mentioned that Tony Parker is playing like he is 22 again, Manu Ginobili is bouncing back slowly but surely, and they’re second in the league in scoring at 103.5 points a game and first in three-point shooting (39.5%). Be afraid, be very afraid.
And that's not a sigh of the "OMG, hot, shirtless, ripped young tradies" kind, either.
Assemble the bracelet. Attach the dreidels link by link until the bracelet is the desired length.
Squares is using the heat map concept in a very intuitive and easy to use way to display data organized along two main axes – such as the global sales performance of various products in various countries. Dragging along rows or columns highlights them one at a time, tapping on a row or column “explodes” its content to a matrix with more detail – in which one can again navigate, sort, etc.. Tap & Hold on the heat map generates a Fish-Eye view with more detail of the tapped element maximized. Moving while holding will move the fish-eye to areas of interest. (see image below)
All fanatics, as a rule, when the spirit of lies has taken possession of them and led them away from the true faith, have been unable to stop there, but have followed the lie with murder and taken up the sword, as a sign that they were children of the father of all lies and murder. Thus we read how the Arians became murderers and one of the greatest bishops of Alexandria, Lucius by name, drove the orthodox out of the city, and went into the ship and held a naked sword in his own hand until the orthodox were all on board and had to go away; and these tender, holy bishops committed many other murders even at that time, which is almost twelve hundred years ago. Again, in the time of St. Augustine, which is almost eleven hundred years ago, the holy father shows, in his books, how many murders were committed by the Donatists. In such an utterly worldly way did the clergy conduct themselves! They had only the name and guise of bishops among the Christians; but because they had fallen away from the truth and become subject to the spirit of lies, they had to go forward in his service and become wolves and murderers. Even in our own times, what was Muenzer seeking, except to become a new Turkish emperor? He was possessed of the spirit of lies and therefore there was no holding him back; he had to go at the other work of the devil, take the sword and murder and rob, as the spirit of murder drove him, and he created such a rebellion and such misery.
outside the norm
I finally got around to watching the 2nd episode of HawthoRNe. The fact that it sat on my Tivo for two weeks, and that I forgot to record the 3rd ep, tells us both that I wasn't looking forward to it all that much. Still, I said I'd stick with it for at least two more episodes.
don't show me how we do it
What a fiasco! More than that, it just demonstrates how removed from reality the movers and shakers in Malaysia are.
I've finished a project I've been working on for two years called 50 FAVORITE TEXAS ROADSIDE WILDFLOWERS. It's not specifically for students, but University of Texas is doing a website with companion curriculum to follow the TEKS (Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills) for 4th – 9th grade. My illustrator and I have come up with a pretty innovative identification system and I'm planning to do an environmental series for all 50 states with the method. I also want to develop a phone app with geo-tracking to go along with the books. Then those two new books in the HEIRLOOM series which I hope will come out in 2013 and 2014. Also, I did a short story several years ago that I'm thinking would make a nice one-act play……
Let's restart Tea Tuesday!
Our home was filled with people today on a rolling basis, some in, some out all day long. It's lovely having so much life, laughter and happiness surrounding us. Life is short and precious, we have to make the most of every living moment, see the positive in all that is set before us.
The sad stories that these two families have to tell have in common the decision to donate the organs of their children. In fact, in both these cases, the boy and the girl had made their wishes known in conversations with their parents before their donor cards were tragically transformed, from a good intention into a good deed done.
Now that is clearly the end of the battle as no one in their right mind will argue with the mistress and bring down the most fearfull wrath apon themselves.I am quite relieved as im now tired and finally get to drink my beer which is still in my possesion. This of course make me the undisputed, undefeated master of the universe………obviously.
People live or die and thousands of lives are indelibly altered based on decisions about where to drive today, when to have sex, who to discuss these things with and whether to buy that pair of BCBG shoes. It's always those tiniest of choices that hindsight allows you to see as pivotal moments.
People are good. Friendship matters.
Here you go with some of my favorite pictures from today.
I will miss being a part of the challenge on a weekly basis
“Once more, a universal essential of the Society of Christian Endeavor is fidelity to its own church and the work of that church. It does not and cannot exist for itself. . . a true society of Christian Endeavor must live for Christ and the church. Its confession of love is for Christ, the head, its service is for the church, His bride. . . .”
Each breath stunted
Saying goodbye to old dreams hurts a little…like growing pains you have as a kid. Your legs hurt everyday for a while and then all of a sudden they don’t hurt anymore and you’re the tallest kid in class.
The easiest solution to all of this and one that Chinese policymakers will be sorely tempted to try would be simply to relax the “tightening” policy on money and lending. Let the money keep flowing and, for the moment at least, developers and speculators will have ready cash to pay their bills without selling off properties or jumping out windows. But China’s latest PMI (Purchasing Manager Index) numbers, released on Friday, indicate why that would be a mistake. According to Reuters, “factory inflation in China quickened markedly in September, with the sub-index for input prices climbing to a four-month high of 59.5 in September from 55.9 in August.” Despite the risk of a slowdown, all the money that has been pumped into the Chinese economy expanding M2 by 2/3 since the start of the global financing crisis in order to engineer an investment boom is still putting upward pressure on prices. China’s central bank knows that what might be good for speculators and developer more money could be disastrous for economic and social stability.
Susan Feniger is one of those personalities that people love to love - and Street is on my list of places to try (though to Foodie Mentor's point, it's tough for an Asian to pay gourmet prices for street food that is not designed as a unique culinary excursion through different cultures, but simply presented 'mix and match' as is). At the show, guests got to sample the Coconut Mung Bean Crepe filled with pickled daikon, long beans, carrot, bean sprouts and peanuts. The crepe was a little sour, and the style of preparation reminded me of Ethiopian. Unfortunately, I wasn't a fan of this particular dish - it was a toss up of flavors that didn't come together for me.
I went into something of a depression for the next few months, grieving until we found another cat, Juliet, who is a perfect angel-baby and nothing like Spooky in the slightest, except that she too is particularly beautiful. Bear says that it’s because I paid for all my life’s sins by having Spooky for all those years and God figured I was owed a break.
At our house we brought in the 50th with bright colors, lots of fun presents, and a Nacho Libre theme of "Brian is the best!"
Thanks for stopping by, Nuala. Lots of good luck with this wonderful collection.
Her one and only “glamor shot” was the focal point for my little layout. Paper from the “Family Fun” kit, a bit of the beautiful aqua foil sheet (one of my favorite things!), again from “Dimestore Vogue“, a border of vintage mother-of-pearl buttons…
My concerns are in no way equal to these friends' at this time, but as a wise daughter once told me, we can't compare troubles. She was very sick and facing a kidney transplant, and her friends stopped sharing their concerns with her because they seemed trivial in comparison. Amanda faced off and told them that if they felt they had a lot on their plate, then they did. End of story. We just can't compare plates with someone else. Some people are facing life and death situations, but some days, a run in a pair of panty-hose as you're running late for an important interview can be a deal breaker, especially if you really need that job. I used that great insight in "Awakening Avery," when Teddie was trying to console Avery. See, art does pull from real life.
But you can't ask anyone for a lesson on how to fill it. People come to YOU for help. You couldn't possibly, with all this experience, with all these years gone by, say to someone, "say, I wasn't paying attention 11 years ago, and I missed that lesson on how to load the printer. Could you show me?"
When I found out about the apartment I started to gather dirt-cheap window coverings at garage sales. I got some teal valances for $.50
Thanks to Lynn and Gerri who have already shown us their fabulous creations and photos.
I certainly wasn't expecting to see the level of difficulty that I saw today. Without going into specifics, because I don't want to get in trouble, I'll just say that there were LOTS of questions that involved 2, 3, and even 4 steps before arriving at the correct answer.
I’ll give you a minute…
Our wood chip hugelkulture annual beds are about half completed. Hopefully the couple hundred square feet will be enough for a decent number of our favorite tomatoes, peppers, garlic and onions, etc…. I ended up planting a potatoes and sunchokes in the orchard hugelkulture beds. We’ll see if I regret adding the sunchokes in a few years!
Tuesday was Growing Up Organic produce pickup day. While Laurent, the produce middle man, was at the farm to pick up our stuff, he gave me an anti-pep talk, lamenting how the handful of growers on the island more than satisfied the limited demand for local organic produce. It's at least the third time he and I have had this particular conversation but each time I'm left with more of crisis of confidence than the last time. There's no money doing this stuff on the scale we're doing it on. And if you do mass produce something, you'll have to export it from the island, and/or sell it for almost nothing. Locals can't or won't pay the true cost of food. Et cetera.
4 ounces of cold butter, cut into bits (1/2 cup)
12 year old boy stops his grand mothers home from being taking from the greedy banks.
Starting June 17 and running the entire week to the 23, you're invited to join us in reading as many books written by Meg Cabot as you can. It'll be a Meg-a-thon!
Today, America and Israel appear to be joined at the hip, and America’s military commitment to Israel’s preservation is taken for granted. In fact, today American foreign policy in the Mideast is perceived by the Islamic world to be one and the same as Israeli policy. Whether or not Israel and/or America are able to confront the apocalyptic threat of total war in a direct state-on-state confrontation with Iran or any other hostile neighbor is of less near-term significance. The promised barrage of conventional long-range rockets and missiles promised by Hezbollah and Iran may already threaten her foundations today. However, before such a confrontation the weapons technologies will likely find their way to unconventional warriors, whether Palestinian or other radicalized Islamic youth. As for U.S. responsibilities, there exists among them a common perception of a joint U.S.–Israeli policy that hardens as it did those who successfully infiltrated Israel as terrorists in the past.
Hope that some of you will come along to Edinburgh this Saturday. You won't regret it.
Hooray! We got to fly on the last day of our competition. It was looking dicey in the morning as the wind was already starting to blow, but our meet organizers were determined to get us a flight...well all of them except for Mark who said he would 'eat his shorts' if a task was called and was forced to do exactly that at the party Friday night...
Buddhi is that part of your mind that can learn and is taught.. the knowing part of your mind.
you know her name
I couldn't find a link to an official music video, but she did perform this song on American Idol last week. You can view her performance here. The line of the song that inspired me to make this card is sung just before the 2-minute mark. "Twinkle, twinkle little star." :)
As you probably already know, the first and most important gift to buy for your music-loving loved ones (at least if you live in the northeast US) is a ticket to one of my upcoming CD release shows.
Not very often maybe once a month I start phasing in an activity to replace one or two that the kids have become bored with. Because they are limited to one station a day and I have 12 stations they get to each of the stations 2x in a month so they last! So long are the days of changing math activities every week!
I play it later to my mother who didn't really care for the song when she first heard it long ago, but I point out the line, echoing Lizzie. Later my mother admits she's changed her mind about it. That's what Lizzie does...she's infectious. She did the same with LCD Soundsystem and their song I Can Change. I hear it and I think of Lizzie and how I love her.
Roy Williams, by mentioning Chaos theory, has stepped into a spiraling vortex of facts, knowledge and maths. That’s all for today, I will leave you with a quote from Benoit Mandelbrot, “Science would be ruined if (like sports) it were to put competition above everything else, and if it were to clarify the rules of competition by withdrawing entirely into narrowly defined specialties. The rare scholars who are nomads-by-choice are essential to the intellectual welfare of the settled disciplines.” Benoit Mandelbrot, a French/American Mathematician of some note.
I’ve been treated to some wonderful Christmas music. My childhood steeped in the Irish Catholic methodology taught me deep appreciation for a multitude of venues ranging from the swells of a mammoth pipe organ to the pure beauty of a capella voices in a tiny Appalachian church. Christmas music varies from country to country, ethnicity to ethnicity and region to region, but has the common thread of joy and love. I’ve been truly fortunate to have spent many wonderful Christmases soaking up a lot of different cultures.
We really were hoping that I didn't go into labor during all of this too. If I would've, there would've been boxes blocking the front door instead of hardware because we took all of the hardware back off to do the finishing work. We had a good chuckle on Sunday night, after the hardware was put back on, about our parents being at the hospital and asking for the keys to our house to go check on Kodi. We could just see us telling them "oh, no need...just move the boxes and walk right on in. Hopefully everything is still there!"
I like to think of this as the mid-life crisis Doctor. Half way through his regenerations hes saved the world enough times and defeated the Daleks and Cybermen enough times to become a bit cocky. This Doctor also didnt seem to care what others thought of him. This was also the first Doctor I was really exposed to and I must admit at the time I thought the plaid jacket was cool.
4. Earrings
Mateo was a dinosaur this year and Tatum was Ariel. While Mateo is SO laid back and a 'go-with-the-flow' type of guy, if he doesn't like something he will let us know it!! (He does not like the dr., getting haircuts, or the vaccuum...so I am thankful we have NO carpet in the house!)
"Dragon’s Milk Ale, is a crown jewel of New Holland Brewing Company. It is the unrivaled result of painstaking processes - both creative and scientific."
"Abusada ka naman masyado!" V exclaimed. "Threesomes are for special occasions; you know … for your birthday, when you get a promotion, something to treat yourself with. Not three times in one weekend!"
Chandler: Yes, here it comes! I'm stuck here all day, and then you come in and spend two seconds with us and then expect to go off gallivanting with your friends?! Well I don't think so mister!
I was trying to decide what different fabrics I was going to use to make the dress because she had made it so cute with like 4 different coordinating fabrics so I hit up my sewing board on pinterest to get some inspiration and was over the moon with excitement when I came across a dress I had pinned, I knew without a doubt then what I was going to do.
I've also had to drive my kids around to their various activities. All the events at my children's elementary school seem to have been scheduled for the next 2 months. Plus, my daughter is "graduating" from 6th grade so she has twice as many functions. I don't get the graduation part though. When I went into middle school, all I did was change schools; there was no graduation ceremony, no going out to dinner, and definitely no presents. Sometimes I think we over-celebrate our kids' accomplishments. What's going to happen to them when they get a job and they don't get a gift for completing an entire week of work?!
1½ cups sugar
I want to see us move from one launch occasionally to six or seven launches a day because so many private enterprises walk up and say, we’re prepared to go do it. But I’ll tell you, I do not want to be the country that having gotten to the moon first, turned around and said, it doesn’t really matter, let the Chinese dominate space, what do we care? I think that is a path of national decline, and I am for America being a great country, not a country in decline.
he's so used for me bugging him that when a day passes that he doesn't hear from me,
Bluetooth in galore shipway jazz contributed more in connecting human systems without existence bothered by the bulk of the cables and wires.
My first leadership friend was frustratingly steady. He’s still my friend, thankfully. During a recent skype chat, I admired the steady cadence of his thoughtful comments.
Hi friends!! Just a friendly reminder .. we LOVE seeing all those creations, but only those following the challenge rules will be entered to win any sponsored giveaways. This week we are being sponsored by BUGABOO, so only entries using a Digi Darla OR Bugaboo image will qualify for a chance to win 7 Bugaboo images!! Check out our CURRENT CHALLENGE and come join us!!!
a) You're a follower of mine and you check my blog regularly... bless you! hahaha
I really love this tote bag available from Pariseau's Market. It features a new canna lily leaf unfurling. The prominent stripes add to the focus of intrigue.
During the drop test we had two main problems concerning the Ribs.
DVD Extras: The commentary features Milton Johns, Martin Friend (Styggron, the lead Kraal), Hinchcliffe, and Marion McDougal, who was a production assistant on this story. There’s a somewhat apologetic making of doc entitled “The Village That Came to Life” that runs for 30 minutes. The piece goes back to the village that the story was shot in, and interviews some folks who were there back in the 70s, which is pretty cool. “Life After Who – Philip Hinchcliffe,” hosted by his daughter, is another 30-minute piece that’s title is pretty self-explanatory. There’s a Weetabix commercial, which may be the coolest extra on here. Also, there’s the usual photo gallery, production notes subtitle option, and Radio Times listings in PDF form, as well as bunches of Weetabix promo stuff that’s more loads of fun.
I have never disliked Brussels sprouts the way some people do, but I can’t say they have ever been a favorite either. Andrea and I were at Trader Joe’s, saw these stalks of brussel sprouts and just had to bring them home to show the kids. We decided to fix them without telling the other how we would prepare them and then let you all know what we came up with. I did a little research and found a recipe with lots of good reviews. ( I have always sautéed Brussels sprouts in garlic and olive oil but wanted to try something different.) It sounded ridiculously easy so I decided to give it a try. I must say, they were better than I have ever tasted! Mae and Charlie were a little put off by the color at first but after a few bites they were won over as well.
What is most frustrating, however, is that if I could have told the person I was four years ago, who I would become four years from then, I would have laughed in my future face. It really takes a self realization (lightbulb) that you are in control of your own life and can make your own decisions. It also takes a development of courage to see that you can take the wrong fork in the road at certain points in your life, and can still make it to your final destination, even if its in a round-about way. Who knows, you may just stumble upon something better along the way.
Book Review (ARC)
Solr was better than MSSQL/iSys/Zend put together. Awesome.
Perpetually discontented, they don’t like what is, and want something — that they like better. A Utopian world where no one will disagree with them, and where they will always be in charge and have the power to do what they want without interference or objection.
Fibre2Fashion, 04/06/2011
Enough of my rant, I have some figuring out to do with all my pictures.
At the end of the day, after all that non-obsessing about Mr. Zegna and whether or not to call Mr. Lead Singer Man (who I may call yet), Mr. Valdez falls into my lap. And my lap likes it (don’t be dirty). So that, my friends, is how I met Mr. Valdez, AKA Mr. Zegna from El Salvador. Which brings me to my question of the day: Do you ever feel like you’re living in a f’d up Taster’s Choice commercial? Because sometimes I feel like I am.
Rouge de Garance PP
Voucher Amount (0.00)
“I don’t like your jokes.”
May you develop a life of daily thanks to God for His gift of life through Jesus, and His continual provision out of His heart of love for you. May hearing His heartbeat cause you to have a thankful heart.
The hardest part was making sure he had used 100 blocks. All three of us counted it over and over again to make sure it was right! I think it came out great and can't wait to hear what his teacher thinks.
This text is often cited in what’s loosely termed “the defense of traditional marriage.” Yet while few human institutions claim to be as traditional as marriage, even fewer have undergone more traceable metamorphoses. Imagine how you’d like concubinage with female slaves functioning as secondary wives and surrogate mothers; a woman’s loss of property to her husband once married; levirate marriage where men were required to take a dead brother’s wife and produce heirs for him; a husband’s unquestioned right to philander; marital indissolubility in the face of spousal or child abuse. All these and more were once part of marriage’s bedrock tradition.
I was once told.
I'm going to try and make this Kraft recipe
They seemed to have done this by establishing drink as a natural and healthy part of life. Something to be enjoyed with friends, strangers and food. Drink is the social lubricant of life and not a tool to get pissed up and escape life. Not something demonised and unacceptable. Waiter service as the norm rather than exception adds an air of civility. It creates a weird mix where strangers talk to you. Rather than the natural fear (which we pretend is a national trait of simply being reserved) of talking to strangers that comes from knowing they probably want to get pissed and fight, when you take that fear away people talk and strangers become friends and the next thing you know some American students, a German lawyer and an Italian divorcee are all adding you to their facebook friends list and you are agreeing to meet them tomorrow to watch the football game. Is this natural human behaviour I ask you? Where is the natural fear and apprehension of talking to strangers? German friends assured me this was normal, nothing unusual about it. At a late night kebab shop in the early hour’s people sat and ate and drank a last beer before calling it a night. They smiled and laughed with each other and there was no sign of blood, piss or vomit. What is this madhouse, I silently screamed inside?
This review will likely contain spoilers from the first book in the trilogy, so if you haven't read it then please stop reading now. Unless, of course, you don't mind spoilers. You can read my review of the first book, The Ivy, here.
“VROOMM!!!“
We also are praying that are insurance will cover it. Since we are out of state it might not but trying not to worry about it. I'm just so thankful to still have my husband. I was worried sick thinking about not having him in my life. So if you haven't hugged your sweetheart lately- make sure you do- life is so short!
Del Rio however, attacked Orton, and gave him the Cross Arm Breaker, before officials came out and broke it up.
He wondered out loud “who could this have been?”
Beer #154 Finest Kind IPA / Smuttynose Brewing Company, Portsmouth, NH
I plan to add High Marshal Helbrecht next. I've also ordered some more Assault termies and I'm building some new neophytes (although I seem to be missing their heads. Guess it's time to give Genocide a call to see what WFB junk he's got laying around).
Typical Durban mentality dictates that as Durbanites we hate Durban, we hate who ever runs the city and we hate anyone from Joburg. I fear this will never change. Never has the jean pant and the orange croc seen such exposure. You will never understand the hilarity and the enjoyment we get from seeing the Afrikaner mother dragging her mullet sporting 3 year old along the beachfront from Milky Lane to Wimpy.
Covered in Black; An Industrial Tribute to the Kings of High Voltage
i'm excited to be enrolled in and ready to start an online workshop... the one that irene nam of shutter sisters teaches every few months. it's her simple soulful photography/writing workshop. i really look forward to all that i will learn there... it is my first online photography workshop of any kind! i will definitely try to post about what i am learning in the class from time to time on this blog. it is only four weeks long, but that will be plenty of time to learn a great deal from a respected photographer teacher and many gifted photographer/blogger peers.
She has shown me a wonderful example of how to be a good mom, always putting us first, encouraging us, and doing very little for herself. She’s also a fun grandmommy—just ask my kids!
In both countries, the phenomenon is a case of xenophilia. We're fascinated with each other because we're so different.
Wispy clouds scattered about the sky. A line of demarcation separated the descending sun. It was as if a veil was dropping on one side of the sky while the other was lifting in light as the sun pushed its way down through the clouds. Balls of cotton floated in a blue pond at dusk…a sight to behold.
Pedal number two (right) was also built by my lucky-find-on-ebay Hertfordshire master craftsman. This time it’s a clone of a Z-Vex Super Hard-On boost pedal, but in a fantastic sparkly blue case with a big red chicken head knob. Following it’s mod in the Mesh, it now helps me to channel up to 4 times more strength in each of my musical attacks. I introduced this pedal to the board shortly before defeating the Meatmunk for the first time… during that battle, when I kicked the blue-stomp-beauty in, I have never before witnessed such fear in the crossed eyes of my enemy.
Thank you all for your love and support.
I will not be updating the this blog over the summer, but I will be back in September!
In the beginning, teachers would stand at the podium,
"The Greek debt problem is now beyond solution within the euro", he says. "If it does not leave the euro, on the optimistic assumption that the euro does not destroy Greek democracy, its debt write-off will eventually be 100 percent anyhow, with continuing subsidies needed".
One thing I love about the french is that the ingredient list is small, but the quality of those ingredients is high. The butter I use in the 3 sandwiches below is presidente, a french butter, and it’s worth every penny.
Heat ghee in a deep frying pan.Cut the bread slices as per the shape.Deep fry the slices in ghee till golden brown in colour and drain on a paper napkin.In the left over ghee ,fry all the nuts and keep aside .
For all the right reasons
Roman Shusterman is a unique activist, Presidential candidate and creator of... The Fart Smeller Movement ...He actually convinces women to let him smell their butt...I kid you not, and as you can see, it puts a big smile on Roman's face..I see him all over the city to as I drive around and if you want to learn all about him, click the link and his blog has vids and pics to explain it all....
Contrary to Centocor’s assertions, very little in the ’775 patent supports that Centocor possessed a high affinity, neutralizing, A2 specific antibody that also contained a human variable region. The overwhelming majority of the ’775 patent describes the A2 mouse antibody and the single chimeric antibody that Centocor made based on A2’s mouse variable region . . . However, the mouse variable region sequence does not serve as a stepping stone to identifying a human variable region within the scope of the claims. The undisputed trial testimony indicated that the sequence of Centocor’s mouse variable region was “very different” from the sequence of a human variable region like the one in Abbott’s fully-human antibody.
However surprised and thrilled I was when our sweet little 3 year old neighbor said “LITTER!” and ran to pick it up. We had fun with it and tried to pick up all the litter on our way there and back. THEN she put it all into the recycling bin.
It is crucial that the articles published on Global Research reach a broad readership.
For the first time I shivered in the sunlight as we traipsed back to our cars, and I recognised the beginning of the end. The memory of Liz’s flesh in my hands was still fresh in my mind. I’d dribbled it with some of Christos’ blood I’d kept for posterity before half-burying lumps of Liz in a trail across the countryside –
- LOTR. Even though I have my opinions on the change to the primary climax of the three books / movies, overall Peter Jackson did a better job than anyone else could have. Of that I'm certain. He took some major risks, not the least of which was shooting all three movies at once. The things that work in these films far outweigh the flaws. I own them all on DVD, have watched them repeatedly, and will watch them all again.
Blessings!!!! Can't wait to see what this year has in store for all of us!!!
The Matte Eye Shadow Collection is a fabulous addition to the Too Faced line of brilliantly priced, coordinating eye shadow sets. In this collection you will receive NINE shadows as well as three cards to help you create "the look". The shadows in this palette are ridiculously soft and blendable for mattes and are very nicely pigmented. I had such an easy time with application and little to no fall out, so it would be totally safe to apply after your foundation and powder.
As previously reported, a Sector Fleet was sent to investigate the disappearance of the Emperor’s personal ship en route from Xagobah to Byss.
I'm going to jump!
Justice Mittal’s ‘standard form’ for injunctions, in contrast to some of the earlier orders of the Delhi High Court, lays down precise instructions that are to be followed by the Commissioner executing the Court’s orders. The ‘standard form’ does not allow for sealing of computers themselves, except in certain situations of non-co-operation by the defendants. The order also makes it very clear to the defendant that it can seek to resolve the dispute through the Mediation Centre attached to the Delhi High Court, apart from the option of purchasing further licences.
AGH, sorry I'm been so MIA. Everything's been extremely busy with my friend and I prepping our cosplays and the logistics for Otakon, an anime convention in Baltimore, MD that's NEXT WEEKEND. So exciteeeed. 8D
No damages or injuries were immediately reported. There were no reports of earthquakes at the time.
Are almost one. Blended room
– Archival copies are right now on their way to Whitehall.
It sounds lovely. If only it were still around. Having been lucky enough to drink plenty of Guinness when it was still bottle conditioned, I can recognise some of these characteristics. There was a faint sour milk background note that really filled the beer out. The high bitterness and firm carbonation were there, too. Though, obviously, the strength of the version I had was lower.
Why does this occur? Perhaps it is because Arslan's character is never presented as being "just" evil or "just" anything; he is, just like President Clinton was a philanderer who was still admired for his policies by many despite his numerable character flaws. Arslan is a breath of life compared to the stolid, sometimes smug Franklin Bond. He achieves things, he overcomes certain socio-political roadblocks that just aren't broken in contemporary representative democracies. His dismissive attitude to his own power is beguiling because it promises a possible non-corruptive personality, even if subsequent events might lead one to question that presumption. He has power over the other characters precisely because he has control over himself. He may weep, he may rage, but what Arslan does best is expect. This is seen in how quickly he overcomes Bond and others with his force of personality; he expects them to hate him, distrust him, revile him, but also to ultimately obey him because they have run out of other alternatives. This might ring untrue to most reading it, but there is a certain appeal to this powerful cult of personality that certainly has its parallels in several charismatic leaders of the past two centuries whose callous actions still garnered them admiration from their purportedly-repressed constituents.
Digital Anti-shock
“You did well Agatha… Your Father would surely be proud” he says with a smile.
The party started at 9:30 on Saturday morning and continued until the game began at noon. There was absolutely no food served during the gaiety (much to my surprise) but we did have lots of fun and so I decided that I would share some pictures with our readers.
But romantic fiction is just beyond my limit. I would not do it well.
So for this giveaway you will have to do the following: Each One gives your more chances!!
MI-5 (England’s equivalent to the American FBI)
Edited in:
I was running around in circles, trying to get everything for everyone, but I just couldn't keep up. I went to the bar to wait for my table's drinks, but the bartender forgot how to make a martini and had to look it up in his bartending manual. He couldn't look it up though because he didn't know how to spell "martini" and no one had a clue. I kept trying to tell him that it started with a letter "M", but he didn't believe me and meanwhile, my customers were getting angry. (At least I could spell in my dream.)
I have been an unschooler all of my life.
Doc: "Marty! They've approved us for a sequel! Get in and let's go!"
Mad River
Throughout the book Watt’s photographs and illustrations add another dimension to the narrative. Water themed pictures or happy family snaps all seem to complement the stories being told.
Update: Textgram now has the Tweegram ‘Hello Kitty’ template & it now supports Emoji.
Okay, catch you later, peeps. See you when I get back from LaLa Land.
i was actually lucky to even be able to watch as they skated ...
Lyla Garrity (Minka Kelly): Cheerleader and girlfriend to starting quarterback, Jason Street. She’s portrayed as being the “good girl” type who tries to do right by everyone and everything.
Okey doke. Back to sneezing and complaining.
Inhibitions are weights, snares, hindrances to fulfilling our divine destiny, don’t give it room! Destroy your inhibitions!
A steward’s remark: “I hear that we have struck an iceberg but there is nothing the matter,” did nothing to reassure Lucy, and while Cosmo went up on the bridge to investigate, she unlocked her security box and took out a pair of diamond earrings, a diamond necklace and turquoises. He came back somewhat shaken and urged her to dress.
Natalie presents her own cookbook, Dulcie May Kitchen: Everyday: a visual celebration of everyday, fuss-free dishes with a modern twist.
The thought process created the outcome.
Monosodium glutamate is a processed “flavor enhancer.” While glutamates are present in some natural foods, such as meat and cheese, the ones exploited by the processed-foods industry are separated from their host proteins through hydrolysis. The jury is still out on how harmful MSG may be, but high levels of free glutamates have been shown to seriously screw with brain chemistry. Don’t fall prey to chemical flavor enhancing. Just play it safe and flavor your food naturally.
In addition to the normal duties of the spring, I have been fighting voice problems. As a music teacher, it is extremely frustrating! I have been having the problem since Christmas Eve that every time I sing, I go hoarse and have a "gravel" voice. It makes it very difficult to teach. I've finally gotten a diagnosis (yes, after over 3 months!). There isn't anything wrong with my vocal cords, but they think I did damage on Christmas Eve, leading to a compensation that is now stuck. I will be starting vocal therapy at the end of this month.
7:45 am- arrive at the Happy Hometown School where I teach.
Of course, though, Williams is using this as fuel for her argument that novels are beside the point in our urgent search for an understanding of our contemporary world, and in any case she quotes Damien Barr, who runs the Shoreditch House Literary Salon, as accusing contemporary novels of failing to engage with big/political issues in any form whatever: 'There is this false idea that fiction has no particular stance because it is made up, as a result of which it doesn't have to be informed, and it doesn't have to inform. I think we desperately need to be informed about our times, and our history, and our human condition, and at the moment, the novel is really only good for the latter.'
“And now I exhort you to be of good cheer: for there shall be no loss of any man’s life among you, but of the ship.”
You Asked: I need to walk my husband to the plane door.
It happens when you start playing drums at eleven years old. Oh, and it happens when you keep company with musical cohorts who amplify their sounds. That's me...hidden behind the cymbal above--backing up Louise M. who handily won our high school talent show when I was a sophomore. My band had just finished our number...Brother Louie, a Stories cover song and a couple of us just remained on stage to back up Louise. I kid you not, my hair was almost as big as the cymbal concealing it.
We wonder which CL Financial companies listed Sam Lord’s as an asset, how many separate times it was listed, and for how much. After all, we taxpayers are going to pick up the tab for this so we have a right to know.
75 copies. In total. Ever. And all authors think they'll be the exception.
My first young readers novel (availbale as an eBook), Maras and the Fairy Rings came from my love of the natural world. Each autumn I gain pleasure from seeing the fairy rings (a form of fungus) 'flower' on our local fields. Wondering why they are called fairy rings I did a little research. From this emerged a modern fairy story featuring my main character Maras Mius (the name comes from the genus name for this type of fungus, Marasmius).
Check it out. And leave me any links to recipes you love too! I love to share ideas!
Gibson was born the day after Christmas. It was an amazing birth and I will post his birth story here to keep for posterity. We all had a tough time figuring out how to be a family of four but with family and friend's support, I think (I hope!) the really rough stuff is behind us. Logan has really taken to being Gibson's older brother and our days are again filled with play and joy and laughter.
My experience with heathenry lead me to my Lady Freyja. The goddess dancing in the golden sunlight of her own glory, the sexual drive of the cosmos, the tendency of two things to become one in order to become or create a third. The joy celebrating existence. The lover seeking out the ecstasy she once had and has lost. The utter feeling of loss at no longer feeling that ecstasy. The passion of the body, the dancing of the bodies flying through the cosmos, the tango of the aurora borealis. All these things are Freyja, and these are what I worship.
LIKE our page and stay tuned in for updates and give-aways during the two weeks of Exhibition. Please feel free to pass on the invitation to your Family & Friends and bring them along!
Somehow I sometimes forget that I'm like an angel when I'm changing a dirty diaper, so it's nice to be reminded! Now that we're just a few days away from Mother's Day, some of you may be looking for a quick and easy Mother's Day card that you can print and get in the mail today, and here it is! Thanks, Lori! It includes two cards on one sheet of paper, so you have multiple moms, grandmas, friends, etc. covered. Get the printable here.
Although a development corporation may be the obvious model for undertaking powers that does not mean that it directly should hold land. That is because there are great advantages in having additional stakeholders/directors. The resident involvement of the first proper Garden Cities was and is much higher than in the post war New Towns where the Treasury in effect owned the land and not local people. Similarly developers and landowners will naturally expect a reasonable cut. Although Garden Cities are about capturing unearned uplifts in land value for residents it makes sense to offer landowners a reduced but steady cut, not least to avoid years of dragged out land tribunal proceedings. Such a co-partnership type model was set out in the TCPA/Land Securities Reimaging Garden Cities for the 21st Century Report although it does not set out a specific legal/financial model. This post looks at what such a model might look like.
If these do not scream Cinco de Mayo I don’t know what does! Pinterest has yet again shown me an interesting recipe that I can easily make gluten free and dairy free and still delicious!
You can follow the crowd and do what all other guys do, but you are doomed to the same fate if you do that. You are doomed to the fifty plus percent divorce rate. And the risk of an affair as well. Or, you can do your own thing and learn how to attract a woman so that she looks at you as being a one in a million kind of guy. The kind of guy that she would not leave and the kind of guy that she would not cheat on.
Method for coffee batter:
Your voice wanders in ear,
Have you ever put a project on Donor's Choose? I am currently working on getting my second project funded. Last year I wrote a proposal for a book display shelf and the kids LOVE it. This year my project involves cooking. This is a necessary life skill for my students. Donor's Choose and Sonic have teamed up again this year to help fund projects. The projects with the most votes each week will win. So, this is where you come in... please please please click on the link below and vote for my project.
if you are interested. I will tell you up front the FB page is very neglected. Hopefully, that will change after the first of the year....
I’m not doing this – happy to pay. ;)
“Then no-one believed that there could be a South Africa without apartheid, but now, it’s like history, a memory of the past.”
Please leave a comment - love to hear from you!! Come and play along these sketches are always fun :)
I’m not making sense am I? Will stop writing now.
Vinyl for Nativity Set- $22.00
To enter to win this giveaway, answer this question:
Sam didn't remember moving to Salem, and for the first six or so years of their parents' divorce, Mum had visited them once a month. Her visits had been woven into the fabric of their lives, unquestioned, like how you get up, eat breakfast and head out to school every day. But then she came once every two months, then once every three. This year, she'd only visited them once, and here it was August. They'd never visited her.
‘Purpel and white flowered cotten’. Cotton printed in small floral designs. Foundling number 11337. A boy aged about xxx, admitted 25 January 1759. Named John Hammersmith by the Foundling Hospital. Apprenticed 26 July 1769 to Mr Maycock, farmer of Thornton, Cheshire.
Tracy Evans created a magical Winter Wonderland in this gorgeous art journal spread. I love the background created with layer upon layer of snowflakes and number stencils, perfect for our holiday countdown! Each bauble has been textured with the IndigoBlu crackle stamp, and the characters are IndigoBlu as well.
AIM: To determine the effect of a methanolic extract of Withania somnifera (L.) Dunal roots on sexual competence of male rats. METHODS: Male rats were orally administered 3000 mg.kg-1.day-1 of root extract for 7 days. Their sexual behaviour was evaluated 7 days prior to treatment, day 3 and 7 of treatment, and day 7, 14 and 30 post-treatment by pairing each male with a receptive female. RESULTS: The root extract induced a marked impairment in libido, sexual performance, sexual vigour, and penile erectile dysfunction. These effects were partly reversible on cessation of treatment. These antimasculine effects are not due to changes in testosterone levels or toxicity but may be attributed to hyperprolactinemic, GABAergic, serotonergic or sedative activities of the extract. CONCLUSION: Use of W. somnifera roots may be detrimental to male sexual competence.
Surgeon Cut Off Testicle 'By Mistake' At Bury Hospital
I am a fan of the street poster... in particular French ones. Take this one... in Saint Rémy de Provence... advertising a festival of female singers in a nearby town... The visuals appealed and the names intrigued... I want to know more about these chanteuses...
It's hard to get up over and over. It's hard to feel like your life is static and never, ever going to change or improve.
Wow. It has been so long since I posted. I am sorry. I know this is no way to get people interested in your blog!
At my work we started getting Halloween costumes in this week. I should probably explain where I work so that it makes sense to anyone reading this why on earth we already have Halloween costumes. I work at a high end adult store. Porn, lingerie, toys, the whole shebang. I absolutely LOVE my job. I look forward to work everyday. The pay is fantastic, I get benefits and the customers are so awesome. Anyways, Halloween is our busiest season so we get all that stuff in pretty early.
I apologize to mentally challenged people everywhere. To compare mentally challenged people to this person does a huge dishonor to mentally challenged people.
The adventure aspect of the story takes a back seat to the romance/love triangle aspect, but this is still an exciting and engaging film. I particularly loved the scenes were Eloise Kelly was feeding the animals.
Mother? Just like a will it is important to organize
Damn hormones screwing with my head.
I’d still come to work.”
Once we got onto the 4WD track I start to enjoy the crazy ride, while Guido’s girlfriend seems to get greener in her face. With the cliff dropping hundreds of meters next to us, we drive up a rocky gravel road for about half an hour. While we get higher and higher up the mountain, the views get better and better. Still not knowing where exactly we are going, we arrive at a mountain hut in a place called Jovanna. It is Toni’s home. The hut is built with natural rock and cement and has a big wooden door. Inside he’s got a dining table with chairs on a cold stone floor and a big fireplace above which is a bull’s skull with boots hung up on the horns. There’s also a wheel barrow inside filled with wood. In the corner I discover a large jug filled up to the top with cork from whine bottles. The same moment Guido pours us a glass of red whine, supposedly the best red whine in all of Italy. We sit down in front of the fire trying to warm up. Meanwhile Toni and Guido’s girlfriend disappear upstairs and prepare our spaghetti.
And it speaks louder than bombs to me
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff wants to link returns on national savings accounts to the central bank’s lending rate, local newspapers reported on Thursday, a risky and highly controversial move that would allow her government to continue cutting interest rates in coming months.
Hello bloggy friends!
Comet Hartley 2 is the big observing news for October 2010, but the King of Planets, Jupiter, also will be putting on a prime time show all month with its four dancing Galilean moons. (Jump to Jupiter details here.) Venus and Mars, while technically still visible, are quickly closing in on the Sun in the west. Mercury is diving back towards the Sun in the morning sky, and while Saturn emerges in the morning sky, it won’t be high enough for a decent view until near the end of the month.
Below is a message from Donna with all the details...
4. Video playback seems more smoother
"It's a stone," the shopkeeper said.
I hope your answer to those questions is no. If not, then why on earth are you reading this? So what is it that bothers you about those things?
It started out a bit uneventful with a massively steep climb. I was leap frogging with this pair of inexperienced hikers from just south of Barcelona, name Raul and Silma. They spoke no English so our communication was limited to the occasional nod. As soon as I got the the top of the first steep incline, the hike showered me with amazing landscapes.
Once again, forgiveness is not directly about you and your feelings. It is about restoring the relationship and doing so, not by ignoring the sin or excusing it, but by open and honest rebuke and open and honest repentance on their part. Forgiveness is to release from hard feelings, yes, but it is also to release from revenge and to help them overcome their sins!
The so many entries of the DT Call, and do the blog hopping and see what everyone makes.
And so, the next time you face a long boring drive – or even if you don’t, but have a few hours to spare – I’d strongly recommend hearing play. Especially as there is now such an embarrassment of riches to choose from.
Travis Duggins: It is my pleasure. Thank you Angel.
4. Lesson: If you find the right group of people to engage in it with, it is acceptable to break out in song that perfectly describes your life in that exact moment.
A real description of the assailants would not be PC. (March 26, 2012, by your best nightmare) MORE
The Scriptures say, “There was a woman who had suffered terribly from severe bleeding for twelve years, even though she had been treated by many doctors. She had spent all her money, but instead of getting better she got worse all the time. She had heard about Jesus, so she came in the crowd behind him, saying to herself, “If I just touch his clothes, I will get well.” She touched his cloak, and her bleeding stopped at once…” Mark 5:25-29 (GNT).
Chief economist and partner Savvas Savouri, who has been researching South Africa's economy, cites emigration of professional workers and what he sees as a "lack of centralised leadership" when it comes to dealing with problems such as the Aids epidemic.
At its heart, this is a story about resilience and bravery in the face of new experience. It is also a light-hearted look at how people with different cultures rub along together. I particularly liked the Clarks' return home, where they discover that the pirates have been doing some d.i.y. of their own. Lots of the damage can be repaired, but some changes are permanent. Next door's cat, for example, won't be giving up his earring any time soon.
*Cocoa nibs are bits of crushed cocoa beans and they are fabulous! They taste vaguely of dark chocolate and provide the perfect crunch in these cookies. I bought mine in France, but apparently you can buy them on amazon or maybe even in your grocery store. Well worth it—they totally make these cookies.
Each day a bit more hazy, each doubt a bit more clear
Eloise has lost her charge when she meets Drake as he sweeps her into a dance and she is surprised when he takes her outside for a kiss. It makes her forget all about her charge Thalia but as they part ways, Eloise remembers Thalia is desperate to find her and get her home. When Eloise eventually finds and gets Thalia home she disappears again leaving Eloise to get Drake's help. What she doesn't realise is that she takes him from his night with the courtesan he has arranged to meet. As Drake agrees to help Eloise find Thalia she doesn't realise that her life is about to change. Drake manages to seduce Eloise and when he makes her a very tempting offer she realises she can't refuse. With her employer running away from debts and leaving the staff to fend for themselves Eloise starts to feel it is her responsibility to find them security and what Drake is offer would solve their problems. But the past soon catches up with Eloise and it nearly threatens what she has got with Drake.
On the plus side, I was happy with my performance generally and felt good afterwards. I’ve already looked online for another 5K in the local area, and there’s one a few weeks from now. So I’m hoping/planning between now and then to practice, and who knows? Maybe get my “personal best” time down a little. Maybe that’s a worthy, realistic and sufficient goal?
Singapore’s economy grew by 4.8 percent in 2011 in line with predictions by the Ministry of Trade and Industry. It is expected to slow down this year due to uncertainties in the global economy.
The torn fields of France.
Watched it on the second day. Pero ngayon lang ako nakareact. Perfect movie adaptation of a comic book. Saktong action, saktong set-up, saktong drama. Sakto lahat ng characters. At ang nasabi ko nga sa nagtanong sa meeting kung maganda ba daw ang Avengers. Oo, pero huwag nang umasang ma-nominate as best picture sa Oscar.
Who's driving this flying umbrella?
So, why do Christians join in with the world and get tattoos? Influence, deception, lack of knowledge.
Don't get me wrong. I love movies. Just not watching the same ones. It get's kind of dull.
I hope you have enjoyed your visit with me today. Please check the other pinkie participants over at Beverly's blog, How Sweet The Sound.
Ekta Kapoor – the Lady with the Midas touch, the lady who changed the face of Indian Television, the multi-talented woman of substance who has enthralled millions of audiences with her saas-bahu dramas, changed the mindsets of the Indian audiences is all set to recreate history. Her passion for story-telling with a zing and her fancy for risk-taking has been proved to success stories earlier.
Crammed into a place much smaller and more rustic than they are used to, they begin to get to know each other again. And Taylor discovers that the people she thought she had left behind haven’t actually gone anywhere. Her former summer best friend is suddenly around, as is her first boyfriend. . . and he’s much cuter at seventeen than he was at twelve.
What books do you put on your summer reading list?
Message to my mother: Kelsie or I will buy your ticket next time and you will not be allowed to make the decision about whether or not you will be going. You will go and you will love it!
01. Animal skins 2:56
how la like that?
Barbara Guzzardo, 49, Glendale, N.Y.
Answer: Henry David Thoreau
I can’t think of two words that are more satisfying to string together. I mean think about it: As writers we spend A LOT of time writing thousands and hundreds of thousands of other words, getting to the place where we can type or write those two little words and (for me at least) sit back for a moment and revel in the accomplishment for a few seconds.
GOSH nail varnish in Starry Night - £4.99
CD:
The book details much of the history and nature of Victoria in Australia, including I was pleasantly surprised the Eureka Stockade, the scene of a heroic rebellion in 1854 from which we get the Eureka banner, similar to Irish banners, based on star constellations. Professor Geoffrey Blainey said the Eureka flag was an "Irish Cross."
My Bloody Valentine : Loom (Live in Vancouver)
None of this book would have been possible without the kind and efficient help of the staff of the Austin History Center.
"You mean forty one people got shoes because of you?" he asked, amazed.
I'd like to give the builders and the electrical and all the men that have been working on the gallery a big thumbs up! You've done such a good job - it doesnt look like the same place. I wish i'd taken some more 'before' photos, but never mind, youll have to use your imagination. The transformation of the space is amazing! Before, it was one room with rotting floorboards & joists, anaglypta wallpaper, french doors boarded up, rotting window frames.. all the usual pre-renovation features or failures and now, well now its a lovely, modern & dare i say sophisticated space perfect for showing works of art.
Tickets @ www.commrow.com
Last year, more than 1,250 communities in all 50 states and on all 7 continents (yes, even Antarctica) got together to celebrate a KaBOOM! Play Day. This year, the KaBOOM! Play Day program is presented by Mott’s.
I love my new yellow bag and I think it may become my new "go-to" bag for the summer, especially if I can find great new matching yellow heels! (I'm on the lookout for the right shoes at the right price). Mucho gracias to my sister Ashley who gave this to me for my birthday. And knowing my love for big bags, her first words were after I opened it (sarcastically), "Is it big enough?" It is.
13 Midnight Waltz
___________________________________________________________________________________________________
Each day’s scripture is linked to an online Bible resource at biblegateway.com. This website includes the scripture text and commentaries on that particular passage.
Bass: Nat
If you read my previous blog “A Master Baker I am Not” then you know that I’m on a quest to scatter flour from hither to yon, so when I saw this recipe White Lily Light Yeast Rolls, I thought hmmmm, are they really light? Only one way to find out . . . . bake up a batch. OMGBN! Not only are they light they are yummeelicious.
The channel through which grace is transmitted,
Dr. Rudolph Tanzi is a Professor of Neurology and holder of the Joseph P. and Rose F. Kennedy Endowed Chair in Neurology and Mental Retardation at Harvard University.
This Spring Break, I was fortunate enough to have my Hubby home from work for the whole week. Having this luxury gave our family the chance to spend more time together and take several trips in the local area. One of the places we chose was Jockey Hollow in Morristown, NJ. A historical place that housed the troops of George Washington from 1779 to 1780. It is a vast area, full of trails, soldier hut replicas, knotty trees, brush and many other interesting things. There is something so very peaceful about the woods…even with a bunch of kids running around. I just love to get re-energized walking through it. There is something so special to me, being in the woods. (Just don’t ask me to sleep there overnight.)
And how much does scrumpy sell for at the farm gate in the West Country nowadays? Indeed, does the farmer even know how strong it is? If it’s 8%, a pint will cost £1.82, which I suspect is rather more than the current price.
A participant from India, Hussain Mudavoor, was upbeat about the timing and holding of the international meet and praised King Abdullah and the MWL for organizing the conference.
Coke or Pepsi? Coke, even though I don’t drink it often. Pepsi is the devil’s work.
Posts for the next couple of days may be few and far between. There’s just a little event happening, no biggie.
For those tasks that could very well carry you through the night, you need to realise that somethings are better left for the next day if they are beyond reasonable to accomplish today. You will normally find that doing so will produce a better result anyway as you will be better focused and will have had time to re-energise.
Swirling into the house, touching every corner, smelling of sweet
So that's the excitement for today.
Meet Samantha. But we hardly ever call her that. Mostly, we call her Little D. That’s D, for Diva. Because it’s all about her. After a long weekend visiting family in Pennsylvania, we came home and adopted her at the humane society. There, she was named Thelma. You can plainly see that name just didn’t suit her. (Actually, I wanted to name her Tootsie and the hubby wanted to name her Tarot. Then I jokingly suggested Samantha because she was being a little naughty at the time – she jumps up on the counter and I put her back down she jumps up on the counter and I put her back down she jumps up on the counter and I put her back down she jumps up on the counter… Anyway, I said to my hubby that we should call her Samantha because “naughty girls need love too”. Ha. What can I say, I was a teenager in the 80s.)
Whether your recent bizarre policy decisions are driven by a fear of Islam or a woeful lack of Islamic understanding remains unclear, but to most impartial observers it would appear you have crossed the loyalty line and are now officially endorsing sharia law in Britain.
When Prime Minister John Major reflected on his country, he was subjected to ridicule, but what he said resonated with the majority of English people, the main exception being the liberal/leftists whose central role in life appears to be the destruction of all that we hold dear.
Divina F – TwoCents Reviewer
Terrified of messing up this parenting thing.
A huge Mango tree inhabits our side yard, ready to start dropping fruit any day now. After a particularly early cold snap for Florida last winter - I had imagined the fruits this year would be limited.
As we approached Shoreditch, I spotted this building. I couldn’t see a date on it but it looks Victorian. A deliciously extravagant design, this pub was once called Ye Olde Axe but the name has been painted over and the swinging sign has all but lost its paintwork. The building looks neglected and in need of repair, like something out of a Gothic horror film. An illuminated sign on the side reads “Striptease”. Unsurprisingly, the clock no longer works. It is very sad to see buildings like this being allowed to fall into a state of neglected disrepair.
So here's Pt. II of a new, ongoing series: Neglected Portland breweries. Wherein I quaff and nosh at Philadelphia's Steaks & Hoagies. (Note: the name Brewing Co. isn't even in it.)
Look Back in Anger is “Kitchen Sink” drama and and in 1956 provided a focus for disillusionment and frustration, for the rebelliousness of a generation that felt lost and betrayed after the certainties of the past. The emotional tirades of Jimmy Porter, the central character, against the drabness and smugness of the class system woke people up like a breaking window. The audiences were used to genteel, quaint, drawing-room dramas and the deeper but quiet dramas of Terrence Rattigan.
In the end, we got everything cleaned out and they apartments offered them a new apartment since the condition of the carpet, walls, and just everything in general was in such deplorable condition. I also told them that I wouldn’t help them a second time. I don’t think I could handle doing something like that more than once. I even refurnished their new place since all their furniture was ruined. T.V., couch, tables and chairs, beds, dressers, etc. I found all of it for them. Most of it was donated and some were my personal things.
The entire exterior of the house is due to be re-painted
(This is where I will place the bookmark…for now. Let’s pick up where we left off in the story, tomorrow.)
"It is true Cuba has political prisoners and no free elections, but it has very good dentistry"
Another reason we traveled to Seattle was to visit our previous exchange student, Chris. Chris is now a junior at the University of Washington majoring in computer science. It was so wonderful to visit with her and take a tour of her beautiful campus.
After the 2011 state election, Taib had a new problem. His favoured buffer SUPP crashed out to opposition losing 13 of the 19 seats they contested.
Today's card was made using Quic Kutz Santa's Workshop set of dies. I got it at a swap a while ago and tucked it safely away... and rediscovered it during cleaning. The set includes a variety of circles and other shapes. The card included a flower made using some Sizzix flower dies, and a shape pre-stamped with make a wish from a swap , it will be used as an emergency card for the autumn season. I had premade the flower and sprayed it with Glimmer Mist Sunflower for a hint of a shimmer. The background cardstock has torn edges using Coordinations paper. The folder is a Bazzill brown while the brad is from Making Memories. The twist ribbon is from Berwin Offray(after Christmas sale last year).Pull out those older items and have fun crafting!
In spite of the reassurances from Monsanto and its own lawyers and scientists that GMO cultures and Roundup herbicide are not health hazardous, it has been proven in their own research that rats have developed different forms of tumors and other health problems. However, instead of pushing the research further, they put a complete stop to it.
This option tied for most votes and, it has merit because, frankly, it means less work for me! Consequently, my plan is to solicit four to six guest columns from other bloggers during 2010. I’ll work up a series of questions or topics and send them to some bloggers whose work I particularly admire and ask them to honor me with a guest post.
The first one I opened was La Meule: 6% ABV and proclaiming itself a bière de garde, one of those catch-all styles that can mean anything as long as its brown-ish and hazy. Which this is. The secret miracle ingredient is sage, for extra farmhouse rusticity, I suppose. The herb leaps out of the aroma combining with fruity citric smells as well. On tasting it's quite dry and rather funky: I detect the presence of brettanomyces in spades. After the initial shock there are some beautiful Jaffa orange notes and a touch of aftershave spice. It reminds me of something and I wave away the late sage flavour which isn't part of the recollection. Orval. It tastes a lot like Orval, only with sage in it. A horror to Orval purists I'm sure, but an undeniably interesting beer and one which I quite enjoyed.
Then I remembered Erin’s piece of advice and I found something unexpected to do with my characters. It excited me so much that I couldn’t wait to get the idea down on paper, so to speak. I couldn’t wait to see what would happen next. My characters didn’t go somewhere bizarre for their story. A character I planned on harassing my main character instead apologized, and it led the story in a different direction than I’d planned, but a direction that did eventually lead where I needed the story to go.
Mister Jay Gatsby.
1. Go to the following website and download a program called iExplorer. It’s free and no other add-ons, or mucking about is necessary.
...one night this week, I was resting on the couch, and Sam was quick to inform me that I could still read while relaxing. So that's just what we did. Notice his foot propped up on the couch. Funny kid...
I can't resist the day
Buyer reviews & ratings of Western Digital 450 GB VelociRaptor SATA 6 Gb/s 10,000 RPM 32 MB Cache Bulk/OEM Enterprise Hard Drive – WD4500HLHX are available on the merchant’s site, see it by visit the link below.
Spooky Limericks
The road they are on is long and perilous—and in a world where young women only live to age twenty and men die at age twenty-five, time is precious. In this sequel to Lauren DeStefano’s harrowing Wither, Rhine must decide if freedom is worth the price—now that she has more to lose than ever.
I am part of undone and so, now, are you. It’s time the youth stand up through sharing their words whether it is in a coffee house, a tweet or through this blog. We all have a voice that has a powerful pile of words building up behind our stapled lips.
The young man in his complete costume with his robe and crown of thorns carries the cross throughout the village and he pauses to reenact the stations of the cross. When he arrives at “Golgotha” he is crucified between the two thieves, and when he dies, all of the village churches darken their lights until Sunday morning. On Easter morning, the bells chime and all the lights are cut on for sunrise services.
9. Strength. We know how many calories skating can burn and we know that it also improves flexibility. However, it also strengthens your muscles and thickens your skin like any intense sport. When you stroke around the rink, every muscle in your legs, core, and arms are working in tandem to keep propelling you forward (or backwards). When you learn higher-level elements, like jumps or sit spins, you push your thigh muscles to do things that combine the best of what yoga masters, weight lifters, and high jumpers do all at once. Skating is amazing because the artistic side of it makes the physical side of it look so easy…but it’s not! Skating strengthens your muscles and endurance capacity in ways that other sports can only do in combination with other exercises.
I’d heard some positive noise about Marche’s book, and at first glance that noise seemed well-founded. Marche clearly loves Shakespeare and wants to share his excitement with the rest of us. To create a facade of respectability in his life while embarking on a career as a novelist, Marche pursued a PhD; his subject of research was Shakespeare. “I chose Shakespeare because I thought he would never bore me. And I was right. He has never bored me.” Likewise, Marche never bored me. He did frustrate and disappoint me though.
But then I was at my husband’s soccer game this past Tuesday. It was the Eastern finals, one game away from State Championship, and you could tell both sides wanted the win BAD. Our team goes up 1-0. Then, they come back and tie it up. Then right before the end of the first half, they take the lead 2-1. They have momentum, they have the edge, but my husband’s boys never stopped fighting. Even when a freakish call in the box ejects our goalie for two seconds, and one penalty kick later, we're down two goals. Even when the clock went to fifteen, then ten, then five minutes left. Even when some of the fans gave up and left the stadium, my husband’s boys never relented. They fought until the last second.
2. When they cool down rub the nuts between your palms to loosen out the skin .
Slaves brought to these shores beginning in the 1600s were treated as property, and portrayed as children who needed to be taken care of — lazy, promiscuous, intellectually inferior, unattractive, deceptive, and dangerous. They worked from dawn to dusk while the threat of the whip hovered over them. The break up and sale of families occurred regularly. Nothing good came from a racist system that denied its victims autonomy, the essence of what it means to be a human being.
or dead to the call
Skeptos - This large island and it's neighbours are home to a trading / piratical nation of Minotaurs. They're pretty terrifying sailors. (I realised the other day that this is from Dragonlance. Deal with it :p)
I really enjoyed this book, it’s a sexy and romantic story all rolled into one. I found the single mum storyline empowering yet sad because it’s clear that Autumn wanted things to be different and she has been incredibly hurt by everything that Sam has put her through.
Palace Theatre in 1951.
He invited me to sit with him for a while.
1 1/2 C light corn syrup
I believe those who leave Islam deserve the death penalty:
I mean, let's leave the bennies of coitus and, you know, that "O" thing out of the equation, okay? Spooning is a sacred and intimate, yet entirely innocent, act. Naturally, somebody—not sayin' who—might wanna take advantage and get a little sum'n-sum'n when the parties involved are skin to skin, but that just shows a lack of self control because spooning is the ultimate No Sex Zone. Obviously.
“The gap in public financing was simply too great for 3Arts to bear,” said West. “As a mission-driven organization, 3Arts always has been committed to remaining open to all options. And, as board members, we had to be open to making whatever decisions, however difficult, to ensure the long-term viability of our organization.”
First did Gunnlaug fell there
From atop such a tree as a Vasior, a person can see the world in its proper form. It is true as I have also seen that some of the Vasior trees throughout the land have died. They remain brawny and tall, but hollow and dark with fragile branches and no fruit. For one reason or another, the soil was corrupted by the Caretakers. It is said that these Caretakers desired for their tree to grow taller than the others, disregarding the nature of its growth and supplementing the trees roots with special concoctions of their own design. And with all such meddling, the tree died. What is truly peculiar above all is that the Caretakers never realized the tree was dead. Only those that had living trees among them could tell that these people had killed their tree. And even more peculiar, those that cared for a dead tree would see a living one and think that it needed their help to become as superior as their dead tree; humorous and yet so very sad. My father would often receive visits from such people. Although he was willing to listen to their words, he would chuckle a bit at their derangement, not in cruelty, but because of their blind intensity toward their mistake.
I've heard all the warnings about aspirin causing stomach problems, but I've been taking it nearly all my life and never had any problems! I'm sticking to it regardless!
I would to like to ask you that if you feel like there is something close to you that you would like to talk about, or to be talked about. Then please contact me as I am always looking for topics to write about as you can tell its something that I enjoy alot.
I cooked, I spent time with the kids, I worked out, I ate good food, I helped a family in need, hung out with friends…definitely a good day! Now I just need a shower and my day will be complete…
We had just returned from an evening out .. dinner with friends and colleagues where we had to behave ourselves. There was the occasional fingers touching and playing footsies under the table but other that than we stayed well under the radar. After dinner a few of us headed to a favorite local bar where we have been to many times before. As "our song" came on (as requested by my lover) we mouthed the words to each other and smiled broadly. I would love to type that he came over to me and hugged me close while nibbling on my ear but alas we made sure to keep our distance and occasionally looked away as we sang. He got a kick out of watching the gentleman next to me try to make certain advances and was happy when I shooed him away.
- 1/4 cup flat-leaf parsley
Braised Abalone in Japanese Sake and Soy Sauce - while abalone is iconic to any Chinese banquet as a luxury item (usually as a giant 'steak' in starchy broth), we'd never seen it served like this, amuse bouche sized, in a seashell topped by a stroke of fusion genius - uni (sea urchin) and ikura (salmon roe), ingredients more typical to sushi. The fusion of two historically politically opposing cultures were reinforced with the mixing of Japanese sake and Chinese soy sauce for the base. Beautiful dish - our mouths were definitely amused and pleased.
Affiliated Agent C of Pittsburgh (yay!), who also happens to be a friend of mine, completed his first mission recently. And I'm proud of him. Well done, friend.
Very affordable, long lasting and fits most walkers. These glide smoothly over most surfaces, including grass and cement. It will fit any 1 1/8” walker tubing. Please check it out at our site. Click here to view. To install you need to remove either the tennis balls or rubber tips from the rear legs of your walker. Now insert the glides into each of the legs with the raised lip on the glide facing to the front of the walker. Make sure each glide fits securely into place and use a screwdriver to tighten the screw on the bottom of each glide by turning it clockwise.
Diagnosis is usually made by learning the history of a cold that is followed by hoarseness. The throat usually appears red and somewhat swollen. Listening to the chest, neck, and back with a stethoscope (an instrument used to hear heart and lungs sounds) may reveal some harsh wheezing sounds when the person breathes.
Now is the time!!
“Then, you know, that town was really easy to manage for the next few years.”
Finally for today's power pop skim over comes this 'un, an album that was hot off the presses in '77 yet a flea market find in '82! Yes, here's none other than the first platter from the Chicago-area power poppers who were roamin' under the name Pezband! Like many of you, I remember the press this group, who were actually signed to the Passport record label, best known for importing progressive rockers like Nektar over to these shores as well as signing some of the local proggy home grown acts like Larry Fast's Synergy, had garnered back in the late-seventies. Heck, I even remember all of the stories about 'em in the pages of BOMP! and TROUSER PRESS which gave me the impression that Pezband must have had a mighty good press on their side if they could get all of the boffo print that they were sure grabbing up! And true these guys were just one of the many fine outta nowhere acts that made up the musical vocabulary of the seventies, but when this generation of music got washed away by the time of post-disco wave fluffy metal giddiness a few years later, didn't you shed a tear even though you were one of those sophistacados who thought they were nothin' but Raspberries whitewash?
Bellies full, beer in hand, it was time to cool off in the pool and create the master plan for our short time here. Chatting, reflecting, we suddenly heard a loud howl the echoed overhead. We stopped, looked at each other, immediately thinking the same thing. Monkeys. All wide-eyed, we began speculating what this repeating call could be and speculated, whether we were right or not, we just heard howler monkeys. It was decided right then that hearing these guys was going to be the highlight of our trip. Little did we know these were howler monkeys, a family of about eight, and travel and eat right above our little cabina. The first to spot them was Nick, whose sole mission in Costa Rica (oh, yeah, besides to make money) was to see some monkeys. The look on his face was priceless. And the monkeys were cool, too.
Breakdown by country of origin? As usual, the USA was the big winner here. I think I watched far fewer foreign films this year than in years past. 71 American films, not counting hybrids like the US/India The Namesake or US/UK Children of Men. The UK was the runner-up, with 8. Ouch - that's a pretty big gap. I didn't find myself as interested in films from Asia this year as I have in years past - perhaps I'm a bit burnt out. Two Korean films, a couple of Chinese (Hong Kong actioners, really), and just one or two Japanese films. In the past, these have been pretty big numbers. It's interesting to see how much I'm trending towards America and Europe these days. Of course, since so many films are produced by multiple countries - Japan, France and the US for Marie Antoinette for example - it's getting more difficult to categorize according to national origin.
OK, there about about 400 French talk shows dedicated to discussing exactly that and in a country where I have had to end countless discussions with "WHAT ARE WE EVEN ARGUING ABOUT????!!!"......my question would be: huh???
“It’s 106 miles to Chicago, we got a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, it’s dark… and we’re wearing sunglasses”
Infected animals experience a runny nose, gastrointestinal and respiratory symptoms, dehydration through vomitting and diarrhea and may also develop encephalitis or pneumonia as the disease lowers their immune system’s resistance to secondary infectious diseases.
RR—You might have an extent of a few miles. But this thing was 150 miles long. It was from about Montgomery County, Walker County, maybe Liberty County right across East Texas. Now the point where that thing started would’ve been no more than about 50 miles from the Ghost Road, probably not even that far. And the reporter—it was really funny, because he had kind of a smart-ass attitude, in talking about the witnesses, because all the witnesses were a bunch of rednecks living out in the woods. You know, of course, we can’t take their testimony for anything, because they’re all suspicious and ignorant, you know.
poems set as sketches, or quick character studies, writing poems on many names both big and small, including Doctor Doom, the Joker, Lex Luthor, Magneto, Electra, Lady Deathstrike, Ra’s al Ghul, Doctor Octopus, Bullseye, the Green Phoenix, as well as sections on various comic book geographies. The book is sectioned into five, from “Rogues Gallery: Domination” (male villains), “Stronghold” (countries and other similar locations), “Rogues Gallery: Girl Fight” (female villains), “Bondage” (prisons and other similar locations) and “Rogues Gallery: Destruction” (darker male villains). Her two poems for Joker play against the two sides of his character, from the predominant view of the character over the decades, to the much darker view presented in the infamous
“But false prophets also arose among the people, just as there will be false teachers among you, who will secretly bring in destructive heresies, even denying the Master who bought them, bringing upon themselves swift destruction. And many will follow their sensuality, and because of them the way of truth will be blasphemed. And in their greed they will exploit you with false words.” 2 Peter 2:1-3
3. Head as far right as you can until you come across the scene in picture 3. The tablet to upgrade your staff is located right where I marked a red square.
I long for those days when everything about each other was new, the passion was endless and being without each other for an hour was unbearable.
Look to thy purse; if female, to thy heart.
I played for the rest of fourth and fifth grades and all though middle school. When I was eleven, it wasn't considered "cool" to be in the orchestra, and I hated carrying the ugly rental case back and forth every day. My parents bought me a violin case in seventh grade, but what I really wanted was a violin of my own. They said they wanted to wait to buy me one until they were sure I would keep playing.
to provide and be sole foreman of the place.
So I stand by my outrage: there’s something smelly about this “misunderstanding”, and something peculiar about what the school is doing.
Is the fire hot? - Hot as fire - the cold stuff has not yet been invented.
BLOCKBUSTER!
Fact; I wanna get a hair cut, and highlights. xD
One speaker in particular Debbie Neal, Executive National Vice President at Arbonne stood out from all the rest for me. During her presentation, I was moved to tears at least twice (OK those of you who know me, understand I cry easily) because I was able to see her dream and understand exactly what is required of me to achieve the possible.
12/02/2010 BUY 0.02 xauusd 1385.51 12/03/2010 1396.38 +21.73
Two mothers cross paths in the grocery store. And as we have all experienced before, they smile in passing.
The cost is €1550 per person per single occupancy or €1450 per person per double occupancy. This includes all meals and wines with meals; only tap water because we are against bottled water; two drinks at the Bonaparte; one drink after dinner; one coffee at the cafes we stop at; and small gifts that Francois will organise.
A few weeks back, I shared with you my love for using our fireplace. I've used it a bunch since, but it was starting to get expensive as I was buying bundles of wood for $6 each at the local convenience store. Paul decided it was time to order wood to lower the cost per fire. Well, tonight that wood was delivered. The problem? The "company" my darling hubs found on Craigslist wouldn't stack the wood because we didn't have a wheel barrow. You would think a company that moves wood, would have their own tools. Maybe that's just me. Anywho, long story short, the hubs and I got to DIY once again and stack our own wood.
"human mic" discusses the international links of the movement: not just the US, but slavery, colonialism, imperialism "without which it wouldn't be"
Although, since waking, I’ve had a strange feeling. An urge to be at work. It’s like I’ve gotten the days wrong and I’m currently supposed to be at work. I’ve had to check the date several times just to assure myself that it is Thursday. I’ve had to check my roster several times just to assure myself I’m not supposed to be at work on Thursday.
Busy seems to be my middle name lately, as I'm sure it is with all of you. One holiday down and only about 5-6 weeks to go until normalcy returns. Thank God we haven't had any snow yet, that always seems to hamper my plans. It seems there is something I must have immediately as the days go on, or things I think of, or run out of, or something or another, and clear weather makes it easier just to jump in the car and go without thinking.
this, when a core focus of
Office Address: 450 Robeson Street, Fayetteville, NC 28301
My last day of work at the hospital was uneventful. Following the recommendation of my co-workers, I slacked off a bit and chatted with everyone. I didn't have charged batteries for my brand-new camera, so I didn't take pictures. I'll come back after my vacation and take some late at night when others aren't paying attention.
Just signing up for the app, you receive a $5 bar tab that allows you to send out five drinks to either your friends or yourself for free. If any of your friends signs up for the app, you instantly receive a $10 bar tab. If you need to add money to your bar tab, just visit the "My Account" tab on the webpage. Bartab accepts Visa or MasterCard.
Of ships and stars and isles where good men rest,
Bracelet: H&M
*I was not compensated by mentioning this movie on my blog at all. This is just a movie that I really enjoyed watching with my husband last night. :)
Chapter ends with a shot of these two from behind. They seem to be twin giants, from the size of the footprints, and they’ve got guns strapped to their backs.
The other day, I was watching the (surprisingly funny) show New Girl, and the gorgeous character Julia was wearing black nail polish. Instead of looking goth, her black polish looked grown-up and sexy. Since then, black nail polish has been popping up everywhere: pretty girls around town, celebrities at events, even the finalists on The Bachelor. :) What do you think? Would you wear it?
Garden Walk Buffalo, the largest (and dare I say best!) garden tour in the country received an award from Visit Buffalo Niagara (VBN) as the "2011 Tourism Initiative of the Year" at the second annual Beacon Awards, honoring excellence in the Buffalo Niagara travel and tourism industry, with more than 400 tourism professionals in attendance.
If you do want to send him a copy of the book, I would suggest carefully wording the note you send with it to communicate that you don't expect him to read the book; that you understand how many books and manuscripts are always waiting in line for attention from people in the book business. (Both books we need to read for our jobs, and ones we just want to read, when we get the chance. My when-I-get-the-chance pile must be around 30 books high right now.) Reference your friendship as the motivation for sending it, and that will be enough.
We love city programs like these, because they help engage and educate our public with the food we eat. We spoke with Kevin Lee, the community centre executive director, who was right there helping everyone with their fishing. What an amazing person making a great difference along with all the volunteers and workers.
Reading other books in your field to keep up
IT Governance and Relationship Improvement
This colleague gave me this analogy:
Puerto Jimenez is the gateway to Corcovado National Park. You can book a number of tours here and they have all the amenities required for a short stay. You can even go on a caiman feeding tour to get a look. Not a place you want to go for a swim….
“So, are you saying you wouldn’t carry my baby?” she asked.
Manhattan crowds, with their turbulent musical chorus!
-Three days in July in Maine, primarily tony Bar Harbor.
Can you believe that after being together for just a short while, it felt as if we had been friends for a long time?
( c ) Deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part;
It might take a little more work, but sex with your long-term, committed SO (significant other) can be so much more rewarding, even if it’s not as hot as a new love.
I have felt much more comfortable in the giving help side of that relationship than in the receiving part. Through this journey, I have certainly been forced into a place where many times I cannot walk on my own two feet, and have had the blessing of leaning on others. As the weeks and months have passed, I've felt more wobbly, but not really known how to reach out. I know that it sounds silly as so many of you have offered to help, sometimes specifically, sometimes generally, but the offer has been made hundreds of times since the beginning of this journey. Often as people have said, "Would you like me to..." my response has been, "No thank you, I've got it." As I wrote previously, it's easy to feel alone when not accepting help of others. Much of my feeling of aloneness has felt paralyzing, where I've wanted help, but hadn't known how people could help or even simply saying, "yes," when help is offered.
why is it happening? To be truly genocide there needs to be intent. Is there really a mass conspiracy by evil people determined to destroy the white race? The acts are deliberate, but is their inevitable outcome their purpose? Or are there other factors, other agendas and other motives which have brought us to where we are?
- small mercies, like morning school walks with my girl!
But then it was time to leave. Leaving into a strong current is a cake walk if there is nothing directly ahead of you—but if you have mega-yacht row downstream, with the first big shiny yacht a boat length away—leaving gets trickier. Or technique was to angle our bows out into the current by going in reverse—then when we were pointed into the middle (and past the power boat) we hit it with
Both “if” and “when” are used in the Future Real Conditional, but the use is different from other Real Conditional forms. In the Future Real Conditional, “if” suggests that you do not know if something will happen or not. “When” suggests that something will definitely happen at some point; we are simply waiting for it to occur. Notice also that the Simple Future is not used in if-clauses or when-clauses.
The second worst offender this year is Marsha J. Evans, President and CEO
Some of the feminine-hygiene machines "appeared to have been entered with an unknown tool," said McGlothian-Taylor.
Well, it turns out that at this juncture Amazon said to itself, that they were not just distributors. They realized this was not a handful of people wanting to do ebooks. They realized that this is one huge market. And honestly, why be just tied into the normative publishers? By that time the publishers had become so dependent on Amazon and B&N that they could not afford to live without them. Book Stores closed up by the hundreds. People bought books with one click and an address for Fed-Ex or UPS. It was that simple.
This looks to be a secondary hallway off of the entrance hall. The marble floors, ornate console table and hanging tapestry warm up this space nicely. What is on the top of this console table though? Inlaid marble? A glass insert with something underneath? Hmmmm….
I want to know what she wants but it’s so hard to tell now, now that I’ve coccooned myself in a life with a six-digit salary and a Manhattan apartment without roommates. I’m having a hard time finding her at all. I can sort of tell what she looks like, or used to look like, but only sort of. It’s different now. She fed on poverty and indignation. She learned to thrive on pot paranoia. She drank with exotic dancers and junkies and poets. She had to struggle with a shit job, and most days the outcome was in doubt whether she, I, we, could afford a pack of smokes or a pint of booze from the cigar store on Geary. Bathroom down the hall. Learning to dry between your toes and slipping on your flip-flops right after a shower so you don’t catch one of the funguses hanging out. Having to save up for a pair of shoes (even shitty ones). Shopping in thrift stores due to need, not due to fashion choices.
It was a very hot summer morning in Kolkata. Sahana couldn’t wait to get going. We were going to visit my university. She wanted to see my university and I needed to get my transcripts so I decided to take her. The trip started inauspiciously, as we witnessed a relatively harmless auto accident. I could tell she was shaken up a bit. It was a short bus ride to the college yet the girl was drenched in sweat and red in the face. We got off and entered the gate! I was immediately transported back twenty years. It was almost surreal that I was there at my alma mater not as an eighteen year old but as a mother! I could almost see the twenty year old me with dangling earrings, long hair tied in a plait, maroon t-shirt, blue jeans sitting on the steps with friends contemplating whether it was alright to cut the next class and go to the canteen instead! The young people going around us in groups talking, laughing, teasing each other was us, about twenty years ago!
Later on, we had dinner at 2 Amys in Cleveland Park. It was a beautiful neighborhood and we were very happy with our choice of restaurant. They are certified by the Italian government to make authentic Neapolitan pizza. I've never been to Italy, but I imagine that this is what pizza tastes like there. The service was incredibly fast and before we knew it, we were tasting some of the freshest and purest pizza you could imagine. This is no-frills food and it is awesome.
It must have resembled a ceremonial passing of the torch when Rudy Vallee introduced Crosby at his debut at the New York Paramount Theater on Nov. 6, 1931. He remained there for a record breaking three months, ending on Feb. 11, 1932. Immediately afterward he began an engagement at the Brooklyn Paramount for six weeks at five shows a day, from February 12 until March 24, 1932. He was paid the then staggering salary of $4,000 a week.
they exist on one dimension.
All their instructors are certified by the International Bodyflight Association, and iFly periodically organizes training camps and arrange for coaching by world champions to constantly upkeep and improve the standards of the instructors, so you can be assured of a safe flight, and that you are being taught in the best way for efficient learning~
Pool Shock: There are several different types of Shock treatments. Before using any of these treatments you should always check with your pool professionals to know which type is best for your pool and spa. Be sure to follow the manufactures instructions. Keep away from eyes as well as avoid direct contact with skin and clothing.
Maxi – Has a good goalscoring record, but will he ever contribute enough to this team?
AdriN2001: hahah
Blue and brown ocean in front of me,
However, words can’t really show you what it is like. Perhaps you should wander in and see for yourself (like I wandered into that gathering). It might just be the very thing that you have been looking for all your life.
Amp was very friendly!
Happy Mother's Day, all you Mothers. Be as good of ones as you can.
card to qualify for the fabulous prize!!!!
The city that was determined to have existed in these environs and which indeed contained a living population, seems to have amounted to an amazingly low figure of from 400 to 1000 persons. Possibly an ancient world funeral cult and community. Those buried here, including our featured Sodomite, may then have been from any number of areas of the Canaanite lands.
They need more than 41 opinions, if you ask me. And they go beyond a simple yes/no choice, so kudos to them. Go and have a look.
"The O'Reilly Factor" on Fox News Channel was the first major television program to report this incident. Yet this story is not just a Norfolk story, either in what happened or in how the media and the authorities have tried to sweep it under the rug.
2 tbs tomato sauce
It also takes the Asian/Europe plug, and I bought this other adaptor in Namibia before we left. Now I can plug everything into each other:
The music today is a background sky driving my thoughts far and farther still...all my favorite tunes driving away the worries and irritations - that slow tide, as it were, pushing me to remember what has been...I've forgotten so much that the music reminds me of. I've still much to get done while he works a 12 hr shift but the heat keeps me inside and the memories bid me - play that movie, remember those days. Listen, listen, and those ghosts will walk again in those hallowed halls of the mind. The song plays and unwinds the story and I remember it all again.
6. The Christmas Song
The book jumps around quickly so you really need to read closely to stay with the story. The book was written by a twelve-year-old and published when she was thirteen so I was expecting to move fast compared to a similar book written by an adult. The fact that the book was written by a twelve-year-old was what initially drew me to read the novel. My curiosity of what a twelve-year-old would write about had to be quenched. I’m glad I read it, considering her age, she did a remarkable job on her first novel and I can’t wait to read the second one. It’s wonderful to see a young person committing to a task as hard as writing a novel. Most adult writers I know can’t finish a first novel where as JM Lee has finished two and is currently working on a third.
I am strong because it is the only choice I have had
Anyway, I hope everyone has a happy thanksgiving and hope it is filled with fine food, fine beers and fine people.
Deborah lives with her husband and triplet sons in San Diego, California, where she also runs her writers’ advice website Dear-Editor.com and freelance edits fiction and nonfiction for both published authors and writers seeking their first book deals.
Eliza: I don't know...but he works with elves. They are so short and probably have really annoying voices and stuff. He probably just loses his patience and stuff.
We descend to Walbottle, passing a primary school built over the Vallum, then begin to climb once again, always gently, but the terrain is still key to the line of the Wall. We are now on a 3km straight stretch, the last part of which is lost in a huge interchange when finally we reach the A69. Past the school, in the field on the left, the hints of the Vallum are more substantial, but the curtain wall lurks beneath the road, still, and the ditch is lost to us.
Hampe said he jumped out of his cart just before Hines ran over his leg and slammed into Hankin, pinning him against another cart.
the Lord sets the Table,
while seeing the wheel spins again
…Today I start my career as a serious journalist. I might not be the best yet, but I only plan on getting better. I have a feeling that something is going on up in Canada and while I can’t get there, I can take a look from here and see if I can’t help figure some of the confusing bits out for everyone. Not only have I scored an exclusive Skype interview with someone fleeing this riot, she actually has an idea about what is really going on! Without further ado, I give you my interview with Julie Odette, a resident of Toronto and witness to the situation that’s unfolding there.
Abby x
Saints General Manager Mickey Loomis is suspended for the first eight games of the 2012 season.
Rise Of The Cybermen
We ask for your prayers for our family's relocation. Pray that it be speedy and that the location be exactly what we need. Here's a positive.. I'm getting some really good use out of my travel bags, Miss Rebecca Travel Work Bag and Dr. Quinn Overnight Bag. As a Designer/ Product Developer, it's good to test market your merchandise before it's sold. This way I know for sure that the handbags that I design and make are built for the trials of life!
"Maybe you do have your head screwed on right." The other man's eyebrow stayed up, but the lines of strain on his face might have softened a little. "The door's been closed since before the Crash. We built whatever's back there, and the Gift-Givers are terrified of us getting it back."
Type B: Non-Specific, Specific Needs
I'll thank you if you stop hitting me, now.
Still, I hope you’ll read them with sense!!^^
The United States scored just 29 out of 100 on the effectiveness of its party financing regulations and 25 out of 100 in its ability to effectively regulate contributions made to individual political candidates. Those scores represent a significant decrease from 2009, the last year Global Integrity covered the US, and reflect the negative impact of the "Citizens United" Supreme Court decision in early-2010 that loosened the controls over private money flowing into US elections. Despite that backsliding, the US remains at the head of the pack when it comes to the disclosure of political finance information to the public (94 out of 100).
A little note if taking trains in Paris
and they all fit!
-Cornbread Stuffing (also an invention: veganized boxed cornbread from the USA, roasted chestnuts, dried cranberries, onions, plenty or salt, pepper,. and fresh sage, held together with a bit of vegetable stock. THEN I am going to grease up some muffin tins and make little individual stufffing servings! I'm hoping this will be like a mixture between bread pudding and stuffing. Total off the cuff experiment due, once again, to lack of baking dishes.)
getting comments on my blog
Planting flower baskets (for the porch)
The guy who had sold him his last rock had offered him enough goodies to last him a week for an hour with the girl. At the time he was too busy trying to get the poison in his veins to consider it, but now. Now he did consider it, his mind latched on to the idea like a drowning man clutching a life preserver. He didn’t know why he hadn’t thought of it before. He wouldn’t have to bother kissing up to some grease peddler with over processed hair any more. He could sit back and relax and let the little tramp earn her keep. It was perfect, all he had to do now was find her.
Princes want hot girls. And hot girls get the fairy tales.
My test unit was powered by the 1.4-litre four cylinder GM engine that has 74kW and 130Nm. The engine felt a little sluggish, partly due to the vehicle having very few miles on it. It’s not a bad engine though but you do need to give it some revs to build up speed. Once you’re on the open road, the Sonic settles down nicely and is a rather decent mile-muncher. Fuel consumption was surprisingly high, despite Chevrolet claiming a figure of 5.8L/100km. By the time the Sonic went back, I was sitting at just under 9L/100km.
6They have to get a resting-place in the hollows of the valleys, in holes of the earth and rocks.
Take this information, protect it with your life, and put it into a file offline. Social media sites have a nasty tendency of changing accessibility rules on a whim.
Seed choices, best may be heal seeds. Int can help with your tapping should you so choose, but does NOT help with healing. Agility is still probably a waste unless particularly want get speed-related gear. Resistance seeds if you have the emblems to spare and think you will pvp often, but healing warlock aren't usually a norm in pvp (Not that they are necessarily bad for it, just uncommon).
This week would not be too soon for this to happen.
It's funny what conversations come up when you're busy in the kitchen. During the course of zesting and dipping and frying the newly trained chef happened to mention that he wanted to make this meal for his new "friend".
Well for some reason it's beginning to look like I only update this blog about once a month. I'm not sure why, as I've won a few things in this last month, but I just guess a part of it has to do with my new computer that I have. I went from a PC to a mac, and even though I love several things about my IMac, it's really actually a lot slower than my last PC. This is extremely frustrating to me, as I am so ADD/ADHD in my internet/sweeping ways.
Willows whiten, aspens quiver,
Um, aka the tricky part.
I wish all of you a Merry Christmas and hope that the season is filled with blessings for you and yours.
Owens was one of the most dominant athletes of his day. But in fairness to the competition, Ralph Metcalf didn’t run his best 100 in Berlin, starting very poorly – that bit of good fortune on Owens part. Lewis too was one of the most dominant athletes of his day. But again in fairness to the competition, WR holder Calvin Smith was injured just before the Trials and just missed making the 100 meter squad – and would run a windy 9.94 before the Games, as well as perform on the winning/WR setting 4x1 at the Games: similarly Mel Lattany who ran the 3nd fastest time in history to date at 9.96 in May was also injured before the Trials; and Ron Brown, who had previously beaten Carl Lewis in the 100 at the ’83 Jenner Classic (10.02w to 10.03w) would be injured prior to the Games and was not at his best in Los Angeles – all contributed to the good fortune on Lewis’ part.
The spot was so far out in the woods that we didn't recognize the bombs for what they were. We thought there was a small earthquake, or maybe lightening booming over the mountain. We didn't even think much of it, just put the rain tarp on the tent and kept on with our pick-nick. Of course, I'm not sure what we would have done if we'd known what they were. We couldn't have saved them. We couldn't have saved anyone.
My lips quivered and my vision blurred. Who is this child?
The goods... I of course smoked Davidoff Puro D'Oro in Taormina. They come in 4 sizes (Deliciosos, Magnificos, Notables and Sublimes). I smoked the Magnificos and Notables and probably prefer this latter. While the bland is the same, the corona-type size gave me better smoothness and less acidity. I think it's definitely a cigar worth smoking, clearly less strong than a cuban, so perhaps a great alternative for a midday smoke...
Toys are within the next box I open. Representations of my childhood lost, of innocence and purity gone. There are stuffed animals and dolls, old and tattered from giving me love. Stuffing flattened from my clinging to them that I might experience hugging. I spend hours washing them, stitching their brokenness. In so doing, some healing comes to the little girl within. For I wash them gently that she may know the gentleness a touch was meant to hold. I stitch them up that she may experience a healing touch, I stuff them anew, with fresh filling even as she is filled with the fullness of God’s Spirit, washed in His sacrifice, my heart stitched back together in love.
16. Que bandeira (instrumental mix)
It was fun to make. I once again, I did free form feathers in the boarders. No marking, just let the machine guide me. Both boarders were cut freehand, no rulers.
WINE EDUCATION: A BS in Environmental Chemistry and getting my hands dirty in my family’s vineyard
Em , Corey and Paige are cruising along with schoolwork, we found what works for them, and are having a wonderful time learning tons of new things. Emily starts Young Womens at the end of the month. I can't believe it! Where has the time gone! Corey is busy with Scouts and LOVES it. His leader is amazing.
I can feel my clothes fitting better, so I knew, although the number wasn't changing, that my body WAS changing. I love this journey! There are so many different ways to see that all those hours in the gym ARE paying off! :-)
I feel his chest, his arms, his face to make sure again he’s whole, he’s not hurt. Only his soul I cannot see.
What is this wonderful place Ruth and why in the name of god did they let you in there?
I can remember a sensation of blurriness in the air as I was painting, as if the edges of my experience were fusing into something else, perhaps the very borders of time fading away. Though I’ve never felt it again to quite that extent, I still recognize this gossamer-silk sensation during times when I am in a creative flow; I’ve even experienced it a few times as I’ve been writing this book. I don’t know what it means, and I can scarcely even describe it; I just know that everything takes on a different quality when we are in the flow, when time is sighing. When I asked students to describe their experience during the flow state, they shared some of the following
Another attractive feature of these kitchens includes its durability. Kitchen accessories of these types last for a long period of time if bought from an authentic dealer.
I've found that with just those two simple things...everything else just seems to fall into place. Yeah I screw up. But the nice thing about loving GOD is that in order to love Him the way He wants you to, you have to allow Him to forgive you your failures.
There are times where I get ideas in my head and they turn out just how I intended (or, on the rare occasion, even better!) Other times, the idea just turns into a Hungry Jenny Faux Pas that does not warrant a recipe, or just goes plain wrong.
Makes one loaf. Freezes well.
The video on the first page is on Nick Minton’s feed efficiency research. This research focuses on using the least amount of resources to feed cattle, while still yielding the best quality meat. This method is effective because it keeps costs low for producers of beef, which translates to the lowest cost for consumers as well.
to simply persist and keep trying…
However... better do this properly, which will be a first, as whenever I have got an award in the past, I grab the bugger, shove it up on the blog and completely ignore the rules. Tut tut. Which is just what I have done this time, as have had award for flipping WEEKS.
No doubt, this whole thing stinks, don't get me wrong, but I must choose to be grateful. Our pastor challenged us with the following: For every complaint you spout off, or for every request you make of God, give thanks for two things. I do want gratitude, not entitlement to be my lifestyle.
Classical thermodynamics…is the only physical theory of universal content which I am convinced…will never be overthrown.
I personally feel honored by having one of the most luxurious brands in the world sponsoring my design projects and endorsing my creative vision.
Some bubbles popped immediately - another greatly received (the contract w/ DaySpring for my card). One even combined with another and ended up becoming a fantastic new opportunity I had not thought possible (contributing to Gather Inspirit blog). In all of the excitement that has happened in 1 month's time - I wildly shouted, "Look - I did it, BIG BUBBLES"!
Love you Mom.
But look at all these gorgeous projects that people are creating with chicken wire. (click on the picture to go to the link)
David has kindly agreed to answer a few questions, and I began by asking...
6 yourself
The guidelines are reviewed every five years with updates only when it is clear that changes need to take place in order to save lives.
And that was it. Just an interesting couple of days.
A Harley-Davidson motorbike lies on a beach in Graham Island, western Canada. Japanese media say the motorcycle lost in last year’s tsunami washed up on the island about 6,400 kilometers (4,000 miles) awayPicture: AP
Once they realized that the case was becoming more complicated and that the Kidnapping story was not believable, she obtained an attorney.
You treated your conscience to a dose of guilt and then prayed to someone or other that things would stay the way they were as long as they could. That’s where you went wrong. You should have held fast to your Western contempt. It might have steeled you against disaster. Because that’s what’s brewing for you now, my friend, and you can’t do anything about it. When all is said and done, it will serve you right, and no one will stand up and fight it. Not even your own. Which just goes to show what a decadent lot you really are.
“Lindsay is ending one chapter and starting the next,” said Honig. “She is very eager to get back on set and dive into her next few projects.”
I Know it wasn't easy for Rene to know that I had moved on. She still maintains that she loves me dearly, and doesn't wish to let go. Yet, that is not what her actions say. Her actions suggested a deep level of shame for what we had become together. I think anyone that saw the ABC special could see that, except of course, her. It became too hard to live with myself, knowing I had done this to her. I felt like a complete coward and wanted to just, run away. Hide...
“How shall we live, knowing we will die? Many of us simply do not know. Without the “aid” of a diagnosis of terminal illness, we may drift for years at a time, lost, frightened, and confused. So we seek to unravel our confusion–to amputate our inner “don’t know”–by going to a host of workshops, seeking out a variety of therapists, reading piles of books, consulting with scores of teachers, friends, lovers, and acquaintances to fill in the blanks, to replace the gnawing emptiness of “don’t know.”
Beer Bread
Both ends of this spectrum represent a fallacy to worship. In both instances, worship is something that is done for me, rather than something that is done for God, and subsequently our benefit.
1.final glory
The place I want to be more than anything is my home. Even Ju Ju tells me we should move back to Hawaii because she loves food there (LOL) and I can be close to my mom and sisiter. She tells me it's okay to say goodbye to her friends because she knows that's where we are be the happiest... But right now, I take the second best place - Florida.... I'm just not ready to lose what I have come to love. Again. Family is important. No doubt about it. But I'm just not ready to feel the sadness of saying goodbye to all the people I call my friends and famly now. I did that six years ago and I'm too scared to do it again... Am I being selfish? I don't know..
Three judges, chosen annually by the directors of the PEN/Faulkner Foundation, select four finalists and one winner from among the more than 350 submitted works by American authors published in the U.S. during the 2011 calendar year, making this the largest peer-juried award in the country. This year’s judges were Marita Golden, Maureen Howard, and Steve Yarbrough.
I was confused and a little stand off-ish at the beginning of this book…but the book gets SO good in the middle. The ending leaves a little hint of a cliff hanger and the romantic triangle I walked into…mmmm. *hands up* I did so willingly.
The Idiot basked in the glow of a great and almighty victory over his clueless Father. Surely this joke was the joke to end all jokes and the elder Idiot would soon be clamoring for a peace and surrender summit that would be held outdoors on the patio of the local Taco Bell eatery.
I don't have anything kind of freebies to share today, but I did have something that concerned me when I checked my email today and I wanted to just approach you bloggers out there. I received an email to my Teacher's Notebook from a fellow blogger who shall remain anonymous. She informed me that a teacher in her district purchased a set of my Common Core Word Wall cards for a certain grade level and posted them on her districts common access drive that ALL teachers in her district have access to. I just wanted to make sure everyone was aware that these are for personal use only. They are not for sharing with an entire district. I don't mind people sharing things like this with their grade level, but an entire district really is kind of appalling. I just hope that everyone understands how much time was spent on creating those and that it really isn't fair to just give away to who knows how many people. I was just a little bummed to learn this when I came home tonight.
Believe it or not, Keane started by mimicking cartoons in The New Yorker, a magazine that would never touch The Family Circus.
So where does that leave all of us “lawnies” when it comes to maintenance regimes?
He does pose well though if he is in the right mood. I was having a conversation at church today about when to get childrens hair cut to avoid looking like a girl. I think we may already have missed this point.
1 bleeker
( I was really stressing on maximizing the use of what I had and pretending that every bit was precious.)
* The soil stays moist. I only had to water the tomatoes every 1-2 weeks. As long as I water deep enough the water will slowly move up the sandy soil as needed. I was amazed at how well this worked and the surface never developed a hard crust as the uncovered soil did.
Like I said, this week I really tried not to think too many VIOLENT PSYCHOTIC EVIL thoughts. Actually I was so busy this week I more or less forgot to anyway – but not quite!
The journal doesn’t pay for submissions and it isn’t a competition, but it is fairly prestigious and previous editions contain some really impressive work.
They have described their disarmingly minimalist music quite accurately as "dreamy electronic lo-fi keyboard pop".
I will try to post some of the things that I have been doing around here.
The group remains enigmatic. Its leader Mihaloliakos declined to be interviewed and ruled out in a campaign speech on Monday any cooperation to forge a coalition government.
But against all odds, it worked.
rdrav2000: Get off mduveeran, You know nothing about cricket and its technicals.
Now I am counting the hours left for S to come back from his travels in Sindh. He is in Jacobabad, Sukkur, Dadu. I lose track. He tells me on the phone something about data. The children are dancing around me. They want me to play 'Zoo Zoo' and I tell them I will play when I am better. A begins to cry. R tells me Go to your room and lie down. I know its better that way. To be alone with your sickness. To twist and turn.
To be honest, I always have some doubts when venturing into vegan restaurants...I think I've got scar tissue from visiting Cafe Gratitude several times in the Bay Area. (It's not the mostly raw food, although I do like warm soup, it is the names of the menu items.)
After Barley embarks on his mission, Ned and Brock search his Hampstead flat for clues of his ties to Goethe/Katya. They find a notebook with a Stevie Smith quote:
Outraged by closure of their PTV station, today UDD / Red-shirts has taken over ThaiCom company after clash with riot police (water cannons, tear gas) – although it is not clear what was the whole point of it, if anyway reportedly all the company staff are absent on the premises of company. so, if Red-shirts just wanted to protest – why it was necessary to storm the building? If though their actual purpose was to make ThaiCom management to re-open the PTV, and there is nobody to do that – then what red-shirts can do about it? can they do it by themselves? if not – then looks like it was useless, even though they have declared a victory.
February we started seriously looking for a new place to live.
Manchester United, who were pipped to the title by City, received over £60.3m - down slightly on last season when they were the top earning club.
As regards the IP mix that such SME developers might employ, the study confirms that trade secret protection is not used above raw material / component-level manufacture. It also illustrates the risk of third party patent infringement associated with trade secret protection.
Love his excitement.
And as you can see.. my daughter loves it! They have been inseparable friends lately.
Returning to the source is serenity.
My card for this challenge is one that is over due--not the card it self but the use of the stamp set. This is the first stamp set I got from the SAB catalog and I have NEVER used it. What the heck--uhh, too much stuff????? No! It is just not enough time in the day!
and I'm trying not to let that mess me up... too much!
Pak Samad confessed that he had always wanted to be a writer. He began an unsuspecting career in 1954 by writing short stories, poems, features, dramas, novels and even diaries.
But this week I jumped back into it, actually getting a lot done! Nailing things down and signing contracts is making me genuinely excited for the wedding again. Probably because my ideas are coming to life and I can start to envision it better.
One of the main reason for visiting Switzerland is the beautiful mountains scenery. In winter, the snowy landscape takes on a special glow and everywhere here is simply spectacular. While many things have been said about famous winter resorts in Switzerland like Zermatt, Grindelwald, Venier and San Moritz, let’s focus on somewhere much overlooked – Saas Fee.
And whatever pain may come
Neal Hinds, 28, New York, N.Y.
Just thought I'd share something wierd and funny with you as well. I occasionally go into Stats to see where my viewers are coming from. The largest source???? http://www.justforlaughsgags.tv/ I went to this link and found there's nothing there that I can see that would refer anyone to my blog. Go figure!!
And then we finally grew up and realized that all the blind, deaf, dumb stories were just a lot of hogwash. And that sex was an important part of every healthy marriage. And that giving pleasure and receiving it was really the ideal in Islam. Or did we?
There is absolutely nothing left to the imagination. Some scientists are looking for a cure for Alzheimer's and are testing on animals. They have a breakthrough and one of their test subjects, a chimp, becomes extremely bright, has a baby chimp who also has an intelligence on a par with a human for its age. People get scared, treat the chimp like shit, the chimp rebels with its chimp strength enhanced by its supercharged evolving brain and liberates the rest of the monkey world by turning the Human's Alzheimer's research against them.
Carter finds the god Horus has attached to him, while Sadie meets her inner Isis. Due to their extra strong pharaoh’s bloodline, the kids are literally tiny powerhouses for the Host-hungry Gods. Meanwhile, they are starting to follow an all too familiar pattern (for the Gods that is) as they go on the hunt for a way to stop Set from destroying the world as they know it. I’ll spare you the entire story–in the hopes that you may go out and (-gaspita!-) read it. But I will assume you know that good things must happen, as book two of the Kane Chronicles is already out.
I started this blog thinking that it would be quite a nice record of my son’s development and a documentation of our life. I knew that I would enjoy writing it, but I never thought that the archives of my blog would be a source of comfort for me. I was reading the blogs I wrote when we first brought Henry home and how much I struggled in those early days. I’m not saying it’s easy now, it will never be easy again, but it isn’t a struggle anymore and I have really learnt so much. If I could give any advice to new parents that are worried about their ability to parent, it would be this; don’t stress about every little thing, and don’t think it will be like that forever. Babies, like adults, have good and bad days, and even one bad week doesn’t mean the next week you won’t be walking around town in the sunshine with your baby cooing gently, playing with his hands and making you smile. It doesn’t get easier, but it gets better. And far more rewarding.
Do I really get to be first? Thank you for posting the video. It took me long enough to find it on the ABC site.
Remove pan from heat
But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.
Not that this is a problem because this game is really freakin' good. Admittedly, I've spent most of my time so far working out how all the new changes to the Zerg work out (Zerg all the way!) and trying to work out some decent build orders (rushing doesn't seem to be the way forward anymore), but I'm having fun anyway. The campaign isn't half bad either; just a shame you have to play as the Terran throughout most of it.
It is not difficult to turn this form of reasoning, applied here to IP, so as to provide a corresponding justification for turning a blind eye to motoring speed limits, parking restrictions, fare-dodging, and tax-cheating, among other things. This is because it is a form of reasoning from which the consideration of any moral principles has been increasingly excluded.
And since we’re only here for a while
Jonathan Wells,
A pessimist sees only the dark side of the clouds, and mopes;
Add a handful of chopped basil and oregano, seasoning, a drizzle of balsamic vingar and some crushed garlic.
Yesterday afternoon I received an e mail.
Now open the serial monitor box, sit back and wait a moment or two, and you should be presented with something very similar to this:
I think the idea is a good example of what 'lawmakers' do to try and make themselves look useful when they don't want to tackle bigger problems. Like when you're supposed to be studying for an exam and you find any menial task to avoid it... perhaps by writing a blog post on something that you wouldn't normally care about...
-Guacamelee: So this is a pretty solid action/platformer that did not light my world on fire but also was just … happy. It was a happy time with a friend in co-op. Everything is designed so that whichever of you sucks never holds the good one back, you just sort of pop happily along suplexing skeletons and shifting dimensions. Playing around with switching between fire and water in the Temple of Fire/Water was pretty cute. Also! You can turn into a chicken if you want. And it’s even surprisingly funny.
“Too risky. Can’t put them on exhibit…, like freaks. It’s… it’s unholy. It’s my call on this.”
"We believe that it is in the interest of the United States to engage with all parties that are committed to democratic principles, especially nonviolence," said National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor.
May 12 Denver, CO WHITE HOT SUMMER GROOVE The Soiled Dove Underground, 7401 East 1st Avenue with EUGE GROOVE
There is (of course) a purpose behind this arrangement. By presenting its organisation as three separate business enterprises
It’s been three months. And now, I have twenty days until I head home. That fact finally hit me a week ago.
Here when they sang The Last Goodbye (the new single by David Cook)
Thinking off the top of my head would be increasing the barriers of entry when it comes to trading resources. Why wait until gross human rights abuse to start sanctioning the oil trade of an autocracy? A high standard of accountability and transparency should be the norms before you toss your barrels out to sea, before the firms that are private or state use their technology to begin extraction on foreign soil or offshore. Are we really so needy for the black stuff at a time where we are definitely not at peak oil, and we are getting more and more use out of extraction sites than ever before? Raising the barriers of entry, and making transparency the norm would make newly resource rich nations like Uganda and Angola think twice about corruption. Chances are, until they get their operation off the ground, they are more likely to need and accept conditional loans (that call for certain freedoms, and developmental goals, blah blah). In the event a state meets all of its requirements to enter the market, the increased capital is a very nice incentive to remain transparent, at least in the oil trade. The international community should be more than capable of enforcement, as developing nations often lack the technological prowess to make continued oil exploration and extraction an economical decision – assistance is often needed to turn a profit.
They are all going for different jobs, so they're not in competition. But if they were going for the same job and you were choosing who to interview, which one would you choose and why? Assuming you would have to make conversation with them if you employed them. Bear in mind that Elizabeth either doesn't have any friends or family or if she does she chooses not to see them. But she is very fit.
During both my teaching pracs, I found this little game to be fabulous for reinforcing all kinds of basic literacy and numeracy skills, and we played it as a class everyday. I love this game because it engages the children so well, you can use the cards and your requests to differentiate for all students within a class and to tailor for the particular skills you are trying to reinforce or teach, and I was also able to use the game as a formative assessment, because students were so engaged with the game, as opposed to being asked to verbally demonstrate their knowledge of sounds etc...
As per usual, the Bowery Ballroom billed a well-put together lineup. Up first was Family of the Year, who were a prime example of the difficulty of classifying genres in today’s music scene. Their sound was parts rock (electric guitar rhythm strumming), parts folk (duo vocal harmonies at all times), and parts alternative (complementary acoustic strumming). This intriguing blend was well received by the thin audience since their live sound is much more vivid than their recordings.
Each one will be sampled and featured here on The Year very soon.
Gunpowder Trading Co (Monkton, MD) Bison sliders
Miracle On 34th Street (1947) ... TCM ... 12 AM
After the 1949 season, the Newark Bears were moved out of town. In 1950, the Newark Eagles folded operations also. And just like that..., Newark's glory days of Baseball were over. A new version of the Newark Bears made a brief go of it in the New York-Penn League during the years 1950 through 1952. But they also ended operations.
As the three-men’s friendships grow, a chance encounter with Seeta makes them realize they all have fallen in love with the same woman. The movie follows the lives of the male leads – “Rahul,” “Tom”, and “Bhavuk”, who have all independently met the beautiful “Seeta” at different stages in their lives. The city backdrop depicts a New York summer and makes its urban-natural beauty an important supporting character This Indian – American independent film is about ‘falling for a girl who doesn’t believe in love’, interweaving friendships that cross-traditional borders of ethnicity. The love triangle envelops the characters and their friends. They reach-out to their friends outside the group to cope with falling in love with Seeta. Love Lies and Seeta is a new-age romantic comedy set in New York Summer.
It took generations of master craftsmen from around the world to complete this masterpiece, and only seconds for Mother Nature’s wrath to dismantle the crown of glory. My old haunt visit must wait until another time.
Song: Promises
7. Come (1994)
Kegged: 01-27-2008
(Boys and their toys.)
Year of Release: 1970
My other blog posts related to neuro-related situations (I don’t think the links are working, so you can find them by going to the “index” tab up on top:
cabbage leaf pottery from Portugal.
I do have to admit that I can see how someone might get drawn into this kind of thing, the excitement of shopping at the supermarket, browsing furtively for just the right piece, not too many holes - it might crumble, good weight, nice firm feel to it. Adrenalin pumping you take a quick look around, has anyone noticed? That fat bald twat of a deli manager seems to be watching you out of the corner of his eye. Does he know? No, he can't....Maybe he does it too? Can't be the only one, must be millions of us.... Right, nice bottle of wine....Have the right change ready for the girl at the checkout for a quick getaway...Why is she smiling like that? Shit, she's onto me...What if I do buy a lot of Swiss Cheese? It's nutty and delicious and a treat to eat....Getting nervous, blushing, sweating, hard on, can't stop thinking about it....lovely cheese, me and you alone, fuck 'em, I don't care if they do know, I'll shop at Whole Foods from now on... Fuck though, it's much more expensive and kind of out of my way and there's always a long line but I must have you.... The wife, the kids, the job...all gone, all for you....See what you are doing to me? I'm gonna learn ya, ya dirty little fucker. Wait 'til I get you in the car.....
Does anyone else do something similar?
another chance wreck it all again
Membership in the Knights of Malta entails obedience to one's superior in THE ORDER and ultimately to the Pope. Therefore, a U.S. ambassador who is also a member of the Knights of Malta faces a conflict of interest. Why is this fact ignored? President Bush appointed Knight of Malta Thomas Melledy to the post of U.S. Ambassador to the Vatican.
in the shocking case.
Steeped in popular culture and imagination, mention the name Khoa San Road and ears prick up. A backpacker and travellers’ oasis, Khoa San has a long-standing reputation for being an accepting and wild party destination but there’s much more to it. On this short stretch, crammed with shop fronts, traders, outdoor restaurant areas and stalls; everyone seems to mingle rather effortlessly despite the dozens of nationalities that comprise the crowds. Traders line the streets and walkways; bars and restaurants pump a united concoction of sound; and hundreds trawl the space in between shopping, sight-seeing, socialising and working. The stretch is generally busy throughout the week but when Friday night comes round, the volume is inched up dramatically and the drinks start flowing rapidly for full blast party mode all throughout the weekend.
:: Does anyone use an armband while running with their iphone? Do you just slide your iphone into a pocket on the band? Can you have a case on while using the armband? I really really want to get a cute case for my phone, but I have to use a specific case with the armband I run with. And the hard case that I had was incredibly difficult to get on and off. I'd like to be able to leave a decorative case on while I go running. OR I need to find a fun case that is easy to remove. Thoughts?
But that style of life requires full-time homemakers, something becoming scarcer these days. Different days, different styles.
We enjoyed watching fireworks from a friend's deck and their neihbor was shooting of some of his own fireworks. We decided to try to get a picture of couples kissing with the fireworks going off in the background because, hey, even after 20 plus years we still feel sparks! Well we never could perfectly time the kiss and the blast with the shutter but I did manage to capture a firework in the sky so I used that picture on the layout with DH and I smooching. And of course I had to include the gang that was gathered for a fun USA birthday celebration!
cheers Z
Iona shuddered at the memory and the knowledge that he would expect so much more from her than a pretty face at his breakfast table. Suddenly, it all became too much. She buried her face into her skirts and began to cry. How could she endure this? How could her father ask her to endure this?
Though from an affluent family, Leonard never let it go to his head and took it upon himself to try all the flavor that life had to offer. It was only when he returned to California in the mid Eighties that his life took an unusual turn - or at least as unusual a turn as a half-man, half-centipede could experience in his lifetime.
According to a 'sting in the tail' article by Linda Stewart in today's Belfast Telegraph a DOE spokesman said, "In 2011 RPS undertook a further survey and found no evidence of the bee at this location." This survey may be accurate but it can't be considered independent.
Or maybe it was my brain
Madams oversaw the business aspect of the brothels while the prostitutes did the work. A work shift began with the woman put on display. Therefore, when a man entered an establishment he found the women lounging in a parlor room. Here, he could choose someone in which to spend some time. When a customer chose a prostitute, he gave the money to the madam or someone else charged with the task. The amount paid depended on several factors, including house rate, the amount of time, and the beauty and skill of the woman.
She has kept many examples of my early artwork to this day, and I can see the progression in my drawings. One of the earliest things I could draw well was an Elephant. I loved elephants (and I had a ratty old baby blanket in the shape of an elephant). So when I was little, my mom would fold paper and write the words and I would draw the illustrations for my own little books. (One of the first stamps Our Craft Lounge had me draw was a cute elephant, I thought this was very ironic). My next favorite things to draw were dinosaurs (because they were the only things bigger than elephants). When I was in 1st grade there was a program at school called "Young Authors" and I wrote a book about dinosaurs.
In brief, the movie is about a perpetually unemployed young man who, through serendipity, meets the runaway son of the Easter Bunny, EB, who has come to Hollywood to become a drummer. However, while the Easter Bunny frets over the disappearance of his son, Carlos, the chief chick in the Easter Bunny’s workshop, stages a coup to overthrow the Easter Bunny, only to be thwarted by EB and the young man, who has now realized his lifelong dream is to actually be the Easter Bunny. In the end, both EB and Fred (the guy) become co-Easter Bunnies and Fred finally earns the respect of his overbearing father (which is, perhaps, the weirdest scene in a movie I’ve seen in a long time).
Xoxo Melania Monster
Place the tofu onto serving plates, drizzling the sauce over the top and sprinkling with the green parts of the scallion and sesame seeds.
I've found many great blogs through their Giveaway events and had the chance to enter to win some awesome prizes (no wins yet... maybe this year?)
Jon: Thanks!
Until then, Cube Entertainment will be releasing various teasers as well as consistent updates on the girls’ progress towards the album’s release. The first teaser image will be unveiled on May 3rd via A-Pink’s official website.
I got upset about my Livescribe and so they thought it was funny and gave me more of that. I'm ignoring it. The kids who love me will tell me eventually, they always do.
Some of the shops are actually being renovated although I'm not sure whether the structures would be able to pass any safety standards... but what am I thinking... it's all in God's hands here. If the building falls down while you are in it - then so be it! It was written.... sigh....
Oh he reached for her hand and he slipped her the keys
"But if comfort is the only value in a friendship, we may as well make friends with a leather recliner and be done with people. Best friends push each other to grow."
See the generation? ... my "cousin/uncle" who is just 20 years old is technically a grandpa.
In life, let me live to the fullest of every day.
You don't know me, but I promise I'll pay it forward.
Food. For six weeks or more each fall and winter, it's all we can think about. Thanksgiving. Holiday parties. Christmas dinner. New Year's Eve parties. And then parties for bowl games and the SuperBowl. It's a lot of calories consumed, not to mention a lot of leftovers wasted. All at a time when our county food pantries are seeing a 25 percent jump in need compared with last year.
That could mean only one thing. CF.
I didn't catch any fish, though. I threw my line out - sometimes I even draped it over one of their backs, but they were not interested in my flies, my spinners, or even bait.
2. Send an e-mail to me at theclassicbride@gmail.com with the subject line reading: "Favorite Wedding Photo" and attach ONE favorite photo of your day as a .jpeg or a .gif.
"The data obtained through such surveys can be skewed, Mr. Myers. It is practically impossible to count and keep track of billions of people, with the limited resources that surveyors typically have. The final figures used are all estimates, and there’re many studies showing that the estimates are often inaccurate and unreliable.”9-14
I’m just done with men loving to be treated like eternal children. If I wanted a kid, I’d adopt or opt for artificial insemination.
Hardcover: 256 pages
If you think an ‘elevator pitch’ is just a frenzied two-minute sales pitch you would be wrong! Well, come on, how do you react when someone backs you into a corner and gives you their best marketing shot? Yep, it’s often too much, too quickly, and too in your face. Read this article by Geoffrey James in Inc. magazine to brush up your style:
So while some of us study design books and play with color and others arrange and rearrange imaginary furniture in paper apartments, others cook or bake. We pass the time as best we can, anticipating future events, our imaginations running through all possible solutions; we try with all of our might to play out success all around while stealing ourselves for rejection and failure. Clouds pass, shades of drab, rain glitters on the pavement while the birds twitter and chirp in expectation. Distant laughter like promises float up from below, emails checked, son and husband huddle over the computer to search for possibilities, the clicking of fingers across keyboards, the whirring of the printer…. and we wait.
Excuse me,I have to turn off the router,switch off the connection until further notice.You know where to find me.Aristotelous Square.
We are today faced with testing the assertion that moral values are the supreme values. Method in investigation is attained only when all moral prejudices have been overcome:--it represents a victory over morality--
So there you go, if you needed some inspiration on how to match a pair of Envoy shoes. Send us how you match your Envoy shoes! We’d love to check it out.
He slept in the crypt that night. In one of the tombs.
Hi All! I'm so excited to be this week's hostess for City Crafter Challenge Blog! The theme this week is "A Boo-tiful Color Challenge". Your challenge is to PRIMARILY use the colors BLACK and CREAM on your project. I love Halloween and this color challenge is Halloween inspired, but your projects DO NOT have to be Halloween projects. Please REMEMBER that in order to be in the running for our prize, though, that we want to see projects that the MAJORITY of your project is using the colors BLACK and CREAM. You may use other colors, but the focus should be on BLACK and CREAM. We can't wait to see your BOO-TIFUL projects!
There is one big decision standing between me and a newly wallpapered kitchen. Do I strip the many, many layers of old paint off of the plaster first? There are half a dozen layers of thick paint. There are also some sections that have more layers than others because of some unfortunate cabinets that were put up sometime during the 70s.
The six o'clock sun dove towards the ocean through the thick curtain of fog floating just above, soon getting all red in the face like an overinflated balloon. Silhouettes of palm trees and the Ferris wheel reached high enough into the deepening blue sky you could feel they leaned over you for a peek at all the excitement and yelling. Shadows formed and air cooled when we found a courtyard with less people and more music, coming from impromptu stages. The band was on maximum volumes and it felt good, as if balancing the excess from everywhere else, while setting up contrast in excessive beauty. The last golden ray of the sun reached the lead singer's tender face, full of dream and longing, dotted with tattoos and piercings, contorted one minute, still another, like morning dew smoothing onto the inexplicable wrinkles of a young leaf. She stepped to the microphone, breathing life into chrome and steel. Behind her, the guitarists draped in tattered jeans, spiked hair and tattoos leaped across the stage drumming out chords that transcended differences.
Train and Grow
At 12.30pm tomorrow, a massive gathering will come together at The Cross to say “no” to Boundary Commission proposals to “rip the heart” out of Gloucester.’
Doc: Well, your chest is clear.
Where Twenty takes to Bourg-Madame,
chosen at random
Which is possibly what a reviewer would say.
The team was PUMPED and ready to go. The mission of the day was Team Denya - get her to the finish line!
Next up we spent a wonderful evening at the well known Restaurant Miramar feasting on the local specialty- Bouillabaisse. The huge bowls of seafood were presented to us first followed by the even larger bowls of broth which was incredibly rich and filling. We could barely make a dent in ours (after 1st courses of foie gras and a crab, mango and avocado millefeuille) but watched the rest of the diners sop up every last bit with toasts.
much of the same. There’s not much new territory here for White, and without the creative tension of his other projects, it’s missing many of the sparks that ignite his other albums. That’s no slight to his new crew of musicians. For all the hullaballoo about his recent Saturday Night Live appearance with two bands—one all-female, one all-male—it’s the women who get the vast majority of the work here, including ace drummer Carla Azar and piano player Brooke Waggoner. White’s talented enough to play every part on this album himself, but he needs players of his own calibre to capture the sound of sweat in the
Now enjoy your winter creation! :)
At the end of the day, the dilemma usually comes down to convenience vs. healthiness of your foods. Many shoppers like me are turning to the healthier versions of convenience foods, like “low sodium” and “low fat” products. Food is so important to me because through cooking and trying different ingredients I feel connected to traditions in cooking that have defined us culturally and as a species through the ages. But realistically, I’m also happy to occasionally have the convenience of a quick meal that lets me spend more time with my family. After all, a healthy lifestyle is all about balance.
In your mind (Mind Control/Satan Worship/Possession)
i was still looking down, trying to make sense of the sentence that i had been reading for hours when she took a seat across the table from me. i looked up, saw some sort of walking stick or cane, and i saw her. she had an unlit cigarette stuck in her mouth. i looked back at her cane/stick thing for way too long until she finally spoke.
WND was first to report Lerner was the brain behind some of the economic protest templates being used by the Occupy Wall Street campaign.
Each individual bag serves 2-4 people, which I would say is just about right. The bags vary in weight, from 1.5-7 ounces, (the varieties with chocolate are heavier, the salty/cheesy flavors are lighter).
The whole place burns down when Rupert retrieves a lit cigarette, and when Rosalinda hears bits of information, she suddenly understands where all the money came from! Nobody else figures it out. The Amendolas help rebuild the Dingle's house, Pete gets his song published, so him and Rosie can get married, and Joe comes back to reunite with Rupert!
That got me hooked on it and that’s the truth. It’s a beer that I’m contractually involved with but even if I wasn’t it wouldn’t make any difference. I genuinely like it.
-been in the same family for 75+ years. It has been very well maintained...it is very dated, but very well loved and cared for...
- The husband who isn’t afraid to tell me the truth, or to hear it.
Sometimes my boys will make random announcements like:
*The FBI agent is investigating a serial killer and has reason to believe she is a target.
The last thing I want to mention here is character motivation, which I've discussed before but which bears mentioning. Setting up a character's fundamental motivators is very important, but they're a little like a push off the wall in swimming. It'll get your swimmer pretty far, but not all the way to the other side. Each plot event or interaction will change the character's trajectory slightly, and the character's response to events acts like the swimmer's stroke. That additional level of moment-by-moment motivation can drastically change the action and the result.
Victoria, it has been such a pleasure having you here at 4 Crafty Chicks with us each week for November! You have such an incredible talent, and we have been HONORED to highlight you each week! Thank you so much!
The park also has several miles of hiking trails and a couple of nice waterfalls. So you can understand why we enjoy going there so much.
Here's what I did for this month's challenge!! I used Crissy's image called "Bunny With Flowers" from Whimsy Stamps. This is #2 for my cards for an upcoming fundraiser for my daughter's old elementary school!
People in Leeds still waiting for postal ballot forms for this week’s elections are urged to contact the council after reports some voting packs have not yet been delivered.
Accompanying these DIY and Feminist focused ideals, was the rejection of Machismo; an over-masculine, testosterone fuelled attitude adopted by males. Fugazi performances were devoid of any security staff and were operated by venue workers and Fugazi techs (Azerrad, 2001). Ian MacKaye and co discouraged the expressive displays of overt masculinity (Sammut, 2010). The physical appreciation of MacKaye’s former band, Minor Threat was deemed inappropriate for the art-focused and thought provoking Fugazi. This meant the acts of slam dancing; stage diving and moshing were prohibited. This also confronted the actions of the apolitical punks who found solace and escape through the actions of inebriation and slamdancing; actions they could practice and identify with other ‘hardcore’ shows (Tsitsos, 1999). Any persons that practiced these displays would be handed an envelope containing the ticket cost and would be escorted from the venue (Sammut, 2010). MacKaye would often stop performances and single out any perpetrators in polite debate. “They have one form of communication; violence. So to disorient them, you say, “Excuse me, Sir, could you cut that crap out?”” (Azerrad, 2001). These band/audiences discussions are highlighted in “Having Fun Onstage With Fugazi”; a collage of recordings from the band’s live performances (Burns, 2011). In the group’s DVD, Instrument, MacKaye once roared at the crowd,
In Atlantic Highlands, NJ.
3 – Hydrate – Nothing will sap your energy and enthusiasm than lack of H20.
Real food: When my creativity is running low, I often reach for the obvious - real food. One of my easiest go-to snacks is to boil a bunch of frozen peas and throw them at them. (Not literally, of course, although the other day they found flinging raw peas to be jolly good fun.) I love that they will still eat plain peas like candy. I will also give them plain green beans (from frozen) or sometimes vegetable pasta. These 'snacks' often turn into lunch, which is fine by me, but if I can't give them fruit or if they've had a sufficient amount for the day, I turn to vegetables.
-They absolutely never take your side.
To conclude my speech, I’d like to say that the only thing I hope for is that as my life approaches its end, Allah will give me an opportunity to go to the land of Jihad and resistance, even if in a wheelchair. I will shoot Allah’s enemies, the Jews, and they will throw a bomb at me, and thus, I will seal my life with martyrdom. Praise be to Allah, Lord of the Worlds. Allah’s mercy and blessings upon you.
Adams RH, Combes B. Viral hepatitis during pregnancy. J Am Med Assoc 1965; 192: 195-198.
...yes, even worse than the clip from "The Hilarious House Of Frightenstein".
Throughout scripture, it tells us how much God loves us, chose us, adopted us, cares for us … but today, I share this powerful scripture. I pray you are encouraged to know deep within you how precious you are in the eyes of God ~ how much HE loves and cares for YOU!
Really Reasonable Ribbon Ivory Seam Binding (1 yd)
It would be in violation of the United Nations charter and illegal under international law.
from 1967...
Eric Holder, the US Attorney General, has said that Justice Department lawyers are examining how Mr Assange could be indicted over the leak of the diplomatic cables. “This is not just sabre-rattling on our part,” he said. “We are talking about one of the most serious violations of the Espionage Act in our history. To the extent that we can find anybody who was involved in the breaking of American law… they will be held responsible; they will be held accountable.”
Quest Giver: Letter in mailbox.
Now, do you still wonder why some professionals accomplish definitely much more than their colleagues on a daily basis? Why there are those people who deliver plenty better results almost everyday and not just when a special task is assigned to them or they are chasing a deadline that has to be met? Why your workmates that you either started with at the same time or got hired before got promoted way ahead of you?
Truly One of the VERY BEST TV MOVIES of the YEAR!!!
Crescent rolls
If one is not devotionally inclined the other paths of yoga are good to follow, eventually, one will have a spiritual experience. This will lead one straight to Bhakti, for one will experience and realize something otherwise not known to them before. It matters not which way one goes about it, all paths of yoga merge eventually.
Remote control weight: 210g
Dear PTB's
God…does…do
Bucks display this type of posture to show aggression. Often because there is a much larger buck approaching. Large bucks are less likely to show aggression until they are engaged in combat where smaller bucks display aggression when larger bucks are around to deter the more dominant bucks from engaging them. Take care and look in the direction the agitated buck is looking you may be able to pick out the other right away, so you can make your decision to take this buck or hold tight.
“Girls” is, in other words, a particularly galling example of tokenism, in which the only unsung voices we’re allowed to hear are the ones that fit the other prejudices of the people operating the sound system. Just as it’s not progress in representations of people of color if the only ones we see are drug dealers or welfare moms, it’s not progress in representations of women if the only ones we see aren’t all that different from the Carrie Bradshaws to whom we’ve already been overexposed. By all means, if people find this show interesting and entertaining, they should watch. But they shouldn’t be telling the world that it’s some sort of feminist triumph when there’s so, so much else that’s wrong with it.
** obtain my pilots license **
The allegations come after Los Angeles Times stories detailing FBI probes into deputy misconduct in the jails. The declarations are expected to be filed in court today as part of a report by the American Civil Liberties Union, which is a court-appointed monitor of jailhouse conditions. It’s not uncommon for inmates to make allegations of abuse, but these sworn statements are noteworthy because all three are from independent civilians who say they came forward because they were troubled by what they saw.
However, the day got really exciting when we went on a long-awaited date. Nothing out of the ordinary, and NOTHING like our honeymoon but still fun.
I am certainly no fashion blogger, but I wore this outfit to work the other day and received a bunch of compliments on my top. While that in and of itself it not noteworthy, the the fact that the top was free is! I "bought" it with one of my Nordstrom Notes that was expiring soon. If you also are a fan of Nordstrom Notes, here's a little tip: you can get gift cards with them and those never expire. I always say it's "free money," and Justin rolls his eyes and says "oh yeah, it's real free."
Even if you add a THIRD set of tubing (which is what the standard SNS kit comes with), your subtotal still only comes to $42.79. (With shipping: $54.79)
Mr. Krishen later lodged a complaint at the Chanakyapuri police station, following which police personnel were deployed outside the residence. He said this was the second such attack at their Kautilya Marg residence since June 2010, when some men on motorbikes pelted stones and smashed some windows.
My priorities are being re-alinged this week. You will see me blogging at least twice a week now. I will work hard, reading extra until I am caught up on my Bible reading. As soon as I get over this repiratory virus I'm fighting, I will drag my out-of-shape behind back to the gym and start working out again. I will sit down every Sunday afternoon and plan my week - I will make things happen instead of letting things happen as they may. I will make a fresh start and get things moving in the right direction again and fulfill my "one word" goal for this year - FINISH.
Report by John Scott Tait, C.A., Edinburgh, and Robert Alexander Murray, C. A., Glasgow, with reference to the affairs of Pattisons, Limited, as at 6th December 1898, to be submitted to a meeting of creditors to be held in Dowell's Rooms, 18 George Street, Edinburgh, on Friday, 6th January 1899, at half-past two o'clock afternoon:
Never counting regrets
I love the first pick. Trent Richardson will be a ferocious beast for Cleveland. Then they went and ruined it by drafting a 28-year-old below-average quarterback in the FIRST ROUND. Kill me now.
She gently raises her hand..
It's the last day of the Easter break for me. I start work tomorrow while my wee one starts school. Spent the afternoon catching up on stuff that is needed for work tomorrow. I had a good rest but what a pity, it ended too soon!
The Daily Postcard is taking a sabbatical for the month of May. Some time away from the computer will do me good, and I promise to return refreshed and with renewed vigor. I look forward to seeing you back here on June 1st.
21 by Adele took two years to write. It reached #1 in 27 different charts worldwide and went platinum in 22. Every six and half seconds, someone somewhere in the world buys or downloads one of Adele’s two albums. The North London-born singer really is flying the flag for British talent across the globe. Therefore, she deserves every single bit of recognition she gets. Her reaction was fully justified as she did could not express her gratitude.
What else should every bridesmaid do? What unusual duties have you had to take on? Leave it in comments!
Sometimes it's the little things....
I probably never forget the moment I saw three little sets of wide eyes standing at our front door. All of them so cute but knowing they had been through so much already. The oldest was a 5 year old girl, very bright eyed and keen to meet everyone. (For privacy reasons I’ll call her Cate*). The next was a 3 year old boy (Ben*) who also seemed keen to come inside. The last was a little 2 year old (Emma*) who had a look of fear and confusion. At first glance you could see Emma was unwell with big black circles under her eyes and the makings of a very heavy cold. It turns out that Emma was a premi baby, born at 26 weeks so is small for her age.
The last couple of days in Florence flew by way too quickly- which is true of most any vacation.
griffin turned 26 and baird turned 3 months
So high up in the sky.
On the paper doll
Rating: PG-13 for violence and brief strong language
3. Taking refuge in Sainte-Anne-de-la-Butte-aux-Cailles, I spent about ten minutes fiddling around with my camera trying to get some atmospheric shots of the candles in front of the altar while Nancy, a talented photographer, patiently waited for me to finish. Not able to remember what was supposed to be so special about the church, I whipped out my iPhone to look at Patrimap, one of my favorite free apps for information about Paris. After reading a short bit about the history of the church, I reached the part I wanted:
Dahlia Seed/Greyhouse Split 7" ... Troubleman Unlimited 1993
Purple Kisses
choreographed and vocally
I tend toward the philosophical around holidays (ok, other times too).
Only three hundred thousand dollars......
As freaky as they are, and as huge as they are - I should have taken a reference photo- they're kind of awesome too. That's all you get for now. I've got more photos of 'em I'll put up eventually. Nature Notes
“Besides, what are you bitching about? You’ve got a family. You’ve got that little girl in there. Your job is to make sure she grows up and doesn’t fall for guys like me.”
This book describes Hitler's evil. Race bating and incited class warfare which was the beginning of the holocaust . The total evil that overcame a country of loyal but at first unsuspecting citizens enamored with Hitler's promise of a change and a safe and organized society with the government's "help". That "help" ultimately became a total terror and control....The Nazi Agenda.
It turned out so super gorgeous, I gifted it to my sister-in-law. I have no pics of that one. But I do have a custom order from her friend who saw her in it... ;D
3 stripsroasted red peppers
We were heartened, that we knew so much, about each other’s happiness,
I absolutely LOVED both the blushes. Prim & Proper is a gorgeous peach that looks slightly pink on me. It's more matte for me than it is shimmery but it still manages to give a pretty glow. It's the peachy color that I was looking for.
Second, we've been deluged with wonderful Christmas cards this year, and I feel pretty lame for not sending any out this year. Correction: I sent out about ten to old people whose feelings would be hurt if they didn't get one, but otherwise, dear friends? I love you all dearly but if you want a card, you're shit out of luck. Please consider this my Christmas offering for the year:
Review: I couldn’t wait to read this one, because it just looked so fun. And I have to say it was fun, and funny and witty and… I’ll stop there, but you get the picture.
It Gets a Little Red by '68 Comeback
Schlafly Yakima Wheat
1. Interpret – Ambiguity is unsettling. Faced with it, the leader is tempted to reach for a fast (and potentially wrong-headed) solution. A strategic leaders holds steady, synthesizing information from many sources before developing a viewpoint.
- I, somewhat absurdly, want to knit a running sweater and earband. They will not be matching – the earband I see done in Fair Isle, while the sweater is just a stockinette wool thing (in grey?). I am envisioning extra-extra long sleeves on the sweater – almost like those onesies for babies with the foldover mitts on the sleeves. My fingers get cold running outside, but I hate wearing gloves or mittens.
Tomatoes come in several generalized forms. The cherry tomato is good for salads and tends to be easier to grow than the larger tomatoes. I recommend Sun Gold which is a hybrid gold tomato. It is particularly good for our area as it is cold tolerant. It is early. Typically it is the first tomato in my garden to get ripe and the last one in the fall to still be standing. It is very disease tolerant, not because it has innate resistance, but because it grows so fast it seem to out grow a lot of the standard diseases. The best part about this little gem though is its taste. It frequently wins taste tests. Another favorite of mine is Black Cherry and Chocolate Cherry. They are two black tomatoes - well they are really brown with red and green hints, but they are called black tomatoes. Black tomatoes have a flavor all their own. If you have never tried one before, you are missing out.
Is there another sports team you would like to have? I would love to make it for you. It will take me 2-3 weeks to get the patches for the pillowcase dress, so let me know ASAP. For the tie shirts, I will try to get the fabric online, or you can obtain the fabric for me.
Environmental Health Directorate, Health Protection Branch, Health and Welfare. The pregnant worker – A resource document for health professionals. Ottawa, Canada, 1987.
And the Priestess spoke again and said: 'Speak to us of Reason and Passion.'
Disappointing beer. Interesting though, because of that smell.
"...George Washington broke in two and sank in twenty minutes. The Chinese medium-range ballistic missile had a penetrator warhead that drilled through all fourteen decks of the ship and punched a cavernous hole measuring twenty-feet wide from the flat-top landing deck through to the bottom of the hull. Ammunition stores ignited secondary explosions. Two million gallons of JP-5 jet fuel poured into the sea. The attack was calamitous and damage control was pointless
These are only a handful of questions and they are only for one area of agriculture. The drive behind this display was to start a conversation. “The drive behind this display was to start a discussion. If we can get people talking, thinking and appreciating their reliance on the rural sector, then the display has done its job” said Wendy.
Another footbridge crosses to the east bank of the Royal Military Canal, which, reassuringly, means I’m back on route. The 28 mile Canal dates from the early days of the 19th century during the threat of Napoleonic invasion when Romney Marsh was a likely landing spot for French forces, and the realisation by Lt Col John Brown of the Royal Staff Corps that the flooded marsh with its network of ditches would be an insufficient barrier to a determined invader. Brown proposed a defensive ditch 19m wide be constructed from Folkestone around Romney Marsh to Rye and this was greeted enthusiastically by the Duke of York and Prime Minister William Pitt. John Rennie, who had had made his name with the construction of, amongst other things, Waterloo Bridge, numerous canals and the dockyards at Chatham and Devonport, was appointed engineer and proposed extending the canal from Rye to Cliff End, incorporating the Rivers Rother and Brede, thus creating an island of Romney Marsh. Once Pitt had convinced local landowners of the benefits of the Canal, which could also be used to drain surrounding farmland, construction began in October 1804.
For motorcyclists this is interesting story, because that dying snake’s bayou makes for a winding curvy road following her banks. Also, this northern stretch of the LA-31 may be one of the best built highways in Louisiana. She is paved almost as smoothly as the German autobahns – something that is unheard of on the pothole afflicted and patched-up roads of South Louisiana.
I laughed as she closed the door. I thought it was kind of funny, and I am quite sure she was WAY more embarrassed than me. (Though it was me with the bare ass.)
Yes folks Punts, real money
I sprayed it and flew through Topanga Canyon onto Malibu and landed on the wet sand next to the Pacific. A campfire on the beach burned sandal wood and vetiver.
The boys/dad use a waterproof arrow that floats, and it is attached to a cord which is wound around a reel on the bow. The line flows out when the arrow is shot, and can then be used to retrieve the arrow from the water (and hopefully impaled through a carp). We are still loving being on the lake. The kids swim every day (that it is over about 70 degrees), and the kayaks may be worn out before we are able to figure out how to take them along this winter.
The cost of submission is $30 by April 22 and $40 by May 6.
O.G. is 1.062
In Jesus’ death he plunged depths I’ll never experience in this world – I can’t imagine the suffering he endured on the cross & he went through hell itself while his body lay in the grave. After his resurrection, Jesus was lifted higher than anything I will know in this life as he was lifted into heaven. Still he comes to us to give us his strength by connecting with us through faith. Even though we might get knocked around by the world in which we live, he remains steadfast & strong as he promises to never leave us or forsake us (Deuteronomy 31:8). Through faith, the strength that gave the man from Acts 3 the ability to jump with joy can also be ours when we are knocked off our feet, robbed of our strength & crippled one way or another.
The City Council commissioned a town-planning consultant, Thomas Sharp, to prepare a redevelopment plan for the reconstruction of the city. The plan was published as “Exeter Phoenix”. Bedford Circus, was damaged, it had been one of the most impressive examples of unified urban 18th century architecture in England but the council destroyed it and Princesshay turned into a pedestrian shopping precinct which was redeveloped again in 2005 into shopping and leisure complex which manages our time. Sharp believed buildings that “will best stand the test of time will be those which show no stylistic tricks at all but which depend for their effect on being clean, well proportioned and honest”. He had it the wrong way round.
09. Baby, Don't You Want A Man Like Me
As I wrote yesterday, free speech is a difficult issue, and I find myself frequently in need of a reminder as to why disparagement of persons based on their immutable characteristics – in other words, hate speech – should be protected. Malik gives clear, well-thought out answers to this question and many related ones. Normally I would offer some highlights, but really the entire interview is engaging and informative, and well worth one’s time. Do give it a look.
The ANC study proposed the introduction of a “resources rent tax” on all mining operations once they earn returns greater than about 15 percent annually and advised the government to consider working with labor unions to exert greater control over key mining companies. At the same time, it said nationalization of mines would lead to “economic disaster” and cause foreign investors to flee.
During one of Quinn's naps (in her own crib, thank goodness, though she only power naps for 30 min each time), I threw together an idea board for the guest bedroom. Why? Because it helps me to corral my ideas & see how they work collectively. I had told Mr. FC that all along I was envisioning a "Ralph Lauren aesthetic" (the Parisian flagship store is my favorite) for the guest bedroom. I don't know if I accomplished that but I managed to cobble a mix of styles & metals together: nautical/vintage/Colorado-ness & silver/pewter/aged brass.
Now the challenge this week is a super easy one that anyone can join in - It literally is 'Anything Goes'!! Ooooh don't you just love challenges like that were you don't have to stick to a theme etc... So we look forward to seeing lots of entries again..... it's fascinating to see so many different styles and techniques..
And the same thing happens after school. Although they’re also thinking about things like getting their homework done so they can go out and play…one of the first things they ask, upon entering the house is, “Can I have a snack?”
“If you’re selling a two-bedroom apartment and your neighbour is selling a three-bedded one at the same price, which property do you think a buyer will you go for?”
The fourth session of Carrion Crown saw Annie (Grift), the Dan (Darius Carfax St. James), a Dan (Sir Horace Gunderson), Toby (Solis and his eidolon Gea) and Tyler (Alexandros Callimachi) take the exceptionally bold step of exploring a dangerous environ bounded by stone and inhabited by hazardous beings opposed to letting bygones be bygones. In short, they went dungeon-delving.
The pain of this realization was small, sudden, and surprised the spoiled princess. She felt a sudden emptiness, and in that moment realized how deeply her family’s love affected the very fibers of her being. Being suddenly alone was unbearable, even more painful than reaching out to touch her sister.
Heat mats come in various sizes, but I selected one that fit the space I intended to place it on which holds about 4 seed starting trays at a time. Think a bit beyond your immediate needs. If you think it's possible you might expand your garden, don't buy the smallest mat! On the other hand, if you buy something too large, it might not fit on your table or you could have some seeds on the mat but not under your grow lights. The mat and the grow lights should match in size.
“Everything that I design, I design so that I could wear it myself,” says Wu. “So that it can androgynously be worn by both genders. Because genders is what limits fashion, I think.”
4. Step all over me.
They all played stonking sets, you can follow the links for their music.
So at first this failed, but through sheer persistence I managed to rescue it, and I like the final product. But this is warning for anyone who has the same idea, do not get a vase that tapers or has a narrow opening, it will not dry! There is still some wet paint at the bottom of my vase, I dunno if I'll ever be able to put something in it, unless I don't mind it getting some paint on it.
I don't know about you, but I only have 21 more days of school!! Oh, it is bittersweet. I have really, really, enjoyed my kids this year and I will be sad to see them go. Summer brings free time... time for me to do some serious wedding planning (166 days to go!), play with my new Cricut, and hopefully purchase a house with my fiance. I know it will be a busy summer.
Rent the Runway is the ingenious idea of two students who met at Harvard business school, Jennifer Hyman, 30 and Jennifer Fleiss, 27 who wanted access to extended wardrobes without having to commit to purchases they might only wear once.
» plug & play via Apple Bonjour, wireless-LAN
Estonian Shawl
Today I'm sharing my newest listing with you. This is a large bracelet, however, I can adjust it to fit all sizes. Pretty In Purple Bracelet. It is a really lovely piece!
Contact the Library for a copy for this article.
Then I put a jump ring through the wholes and then attached it onto my ribbon necklace.
Anyway, all's fair in love and blog war and I am not going to worry about how I got there - I just got there!
People tend to “fake” traits that are socially desirable if the cost of faking is relatively low. Travel encourages this faking more than most characteristics. It’s easy to see why travel is socially desirable. First, it signals activity, and activity is preferable to inactivity. Travelers backpack, hike, climb, and explore. Second, it signals openness and curiosity. The traveler is interested in cultures other than his own. Third, a love of travel indicates a love of novelty. The traveler has eaten exotic foods or seen exotic animals. Fourth, travel perpetuates the feelings of being in an elite in-group, which is nauseatingly manifested in tired conversations about cities that both travelers have visited*: “Wasn’t Prague beautiful?!” “It was!” and then there is the obligatory listing of the mutual places that each of the travelers visited in said city.** This conversation generally will give both participants a lot of pleasure, sometimes even generating a sort of insular arrogance. People who don’t engage in this self-congratulatory ritual—like my former professor—will be greeted with condescension, the result being that these anti-travel individuals are hesitant to express their preferences in public settings.
-Milan Kundera
Then I got into the cab.
25 That Small Item You Forgot Was In There (litany based on phrase “my first home,” the beginning of Robert Sullivan’s “Boyle”)
“So you’re just trying to stand up for yourself?” he said, surprised, as though the idea had just come to him that I might try to do this.
CRANBERRY PECAN CHICKEN SALAD
Good day overall.
Arts Club, Chicago
God is gone.
Born to a wealthy and privileged family in 1889, in one of the most exclusive communities in American history, Tuxedo Park, Dorothy Draper was the first to “professionalize” the interior design industry by establishing, in 1923, the first interior design company in the United States, something that until then was unheard of, and also at a time when it was
March 2012 - Page Loads 32,280 Unique Visits 21,456
I saved Daniel and Clara.
What a promise this is! Food, raiment, home, and so forth, God undertakes to add to you while you seek Him. You mind His business, and He will mind yours. If you want paper and string, you get them given in when you buy more important goods; and just so all that we need of earthly things we shall have thrown in with the kingdom. He who is an heir of salvation shall not die of starvation; and he who clothes his soul with the righteousness of God cannot be left of the Lord with a naked body. Away with carking care. Set all your mind upon seeking the Lord. Covetousness is poverty, and anxiety is misery: trust in God is an estate, and likeness of God is a heavenly inheritance. Lord, I seek Thee; be found of me.
Everyday, we steppers are shufflin.
Everything I ever needed to know about powerviolence, I learned from Possessed To Skate. And everything I ever needed to learn about downloading semi-obscure skategrind compliations from the late 90's, I learned from Kick To Kill.
This is the poem/song I go to when I'm feeling less than peaceful, and the recipe I'm about to give also provided a slice of peace in a pan.
1 egg + 1 yolk
7) Goals. If I don’t set some sort of goal, I’ll end up wandering on the internet or staring off into space. A large project usually means a word count goal, while smaller projects could be something as little as finding one right word. The idea is to create a reachable goal that matches to scope and size of my current writing project.
Take a big juicy home grown or farm stand, locally grown tomato (to be fair to those not in New Jersey). Frankly, this really isn’t worth doing with store bought tomatoes unless they are really ripe and in season. For one large tomato you’ll need one small (or half a large) ball of fresh mozzarella. Slice both into 1/4 inch slices. Pour some salt & grind some pepper into a small mise en place dish, taste the mozz. If it is salty, then use equal proportions of salt to pepper, if unsalted, use about 2:1 salt:pepper. You’ll need about 1/3 cup of best quality Extra Virgin Olive Oil and several sprigs of basil, fresh from your garden.
(Version 1.2.3)
According to Clara, you summon him by saying his name 5 times while standing in front of a mirror. 5 times? What, does he need the extra time to use Google Maps to find your house? If he doesn't arrive until the 6th time, is your next murder free? I'm starting to get dizzy from the excessive eye-rolling I'm doing here!
Bring some water to a boil in a large pan/griddle & reduce to simmer. Place eggs & sugar in a large bowl, whisk constantly over the simmering water, heat the eggs to lukewarm.
Today we’re going to ask a good number of questions and they will all be solved with one answer: but first let’s have the questions.
You had no idea what you took from me
The most interesting conversation of the evening was with a man I'll call Santa (because why not? He was in red) who greeted me as if he knew me and started joking around with me; a woman who looked familiar; and a man I'd never met (ringless, but turned out to be married to the woman). Santa mentioned how often our paths cross in the parking lot near my office. I actually had no idea who he was. I can't recognize faces very well (a huge liability), and this came up in conversation. I mentioned how I say to a friend more often than I'd like "who was that who just hugged me?" So Santa asked if I recognized him when he waved at me and I admitted I did not. He asked if I knew who he was and I said I did now because he'd mentioned his first name in telling a story about a professor of his (and I'm good with names), but that I'd had no idea at the beginning of the conversation. (Did I mention I'm kind of compulsively honest in response to questions?)
Let us pray together for unity. Forgive those who have harmed or hurt you and have acknowledged their hurt; also forgive those who are not repentant but continue to hurt you. Forgive.
He broke my little bottle of Love Potion #9<U+2033>
These two people are incredible in every way. I'm so grateful to have them in my life. So this Thursday I am thankful for these friendships, and want these two to know how much I love them xxx
501 p.
Go forth and haunt where you dwell,
I planned on using Puddlegear for the fall rainy season, but actually really fell head over heels in love when winter rolled around and snow blanketed the ground. I was able to bundle Beckett up in warm clothes and then layer her Puddlegear over top. The Puddlegear mittens went over her knit ones and the elastic straps held them over her coat sleeves. After endless hours throwing snowballs, jumping and leaping through drifts and just enjoying the cold white fluff – Beckett kept ticking. She wasn’t cold.
It was only my second year calving cows.
3 Set An Example
Who Might Enjoy: MMORPG fans, Steam gamers, WoW-type Gamers
We had just reached the archway of the Plaza de Mayor and I stopped to take another picture. Suddenly I heard a loud WHACK, and turned to see Brett with our Spain guidebook standing next to a young woman.
701. -- Bites @ Teresa’s Next Door (Wayne, PA) 5:30 p.m. –
At this stage of the Roman voyage total discouragement had set in. From verse 20 we read, “All hope that we should be saved was then taken away.” Isn’t that true when you confront your need of salvation? Before you accepted the gospel, the good news, you had to have the bad news impressed upon your mind. You were a sinner and condemned to eternal damnation in the lake of fire. You had to obey the gospel of Jesus Christ and be saved.
This happens frequently in divorce situations when one party leaves the marital home and does not take everything with them that they need. Your spouse might be angry and not let you in to the house and you of course don’t want to risk having the cops called.
Before Mark Twain was a genial, white-haired, much-beloved raconteur, he was a hard-drinking, hot-tempered, pipe-puffing reporter with "mutton chop" sideburns and no mustache. (left) He lived in Virginia City (famous for being the setting of the TV series Bonanza) and he wrote for the Territorial Enterprise Newspaper. The Comstock, as that region was called, was wild and woolly, full of "thieves, murderers, desperadoes, ladies, children, lawyers, Christians, Indians, Spaniards, gamblers, sharpers, coyotes, poets, preachers, and jackass rabbits." Despite this rich vein of journalistic gold, Sam Clemens – who had not yet adopted the pseudonym Mark Twain – was not afraid of slandering local residents or even of making up hoax stories to fill blank pages of the paper.
12It would be a fire burning even to destruction, and taking away all my produce.
What saves me is list writing! I write lists of all our meals a week in advance, of what I need to buy at the farmers markets, what I plan to bake, things I want to sew and anything else I can think of!
C--You're so cute and full of charm
A mindset has been instilled in these young men and boys that they are nothing sans the accoutrements of consumerism. Yet when they loot an i-Phone, as opposed to creating economy-shredding derivative scams, we’re prompted by the corporate media to become indignant.
"The remote goes on the left."
I’m not saying I don’t love him anymore, or I’m over him, or over us … I’m not … not at all; far from it in fact – but I’m ready to start mourning this. I’ve accepted that as it stands now it’s over and I need to let go.
And it grew and grew and grew.
I was incredibly hesitant when I joined my first gym. I just went through my files, and found my first contract – I signed up for my first gym membership in July 2007, a solid two and a half years before I began the weight loss journey that I’m currently on. I don’t know how much I weighed back then (I went for years without ever stepping on a scale), but I looked similar to the ‘Before’ pictures in the Photo Gallery.
In other words, who are the enemies of the ANC government? To discover the answer to this question one only needs to identify who the NIA are monitoring, and who they are neutralizing. One would think that the answer is evident, but it is not… The entire population is being monitored! The Afrikaner-rightwing element has long ago been identified and also neutralized to a large extent. It is only the fragmented splinter-groups and their leaders who are being closely monitored at this point in time.
We salute you, JoBeth Williams, you sexy Scream Queen, you!
Love Will Tear Us Apart
Then there’s Nicky. You know how in class there’s always this guy who struggles to catch the teacher’s attention? That’s him. He’s a handsome kid and he’s quite brilliant too. I think he’ll be a great engineer someday. In our past classes, he’s been drawing roads again and again and again. Today he drew clocks. Nothing extraordinary. Except, he drew lots of it and made it appear showing the differences in time zones. Something like this:
I had been looking forward to adding the family Valentine to our collection, but it appeared my mother-in-law had designs on it as well. So we let her have first dibs, and set about scheming on how to get one of our very own for the collection. As anyone who's looked at Valentine typewriter auctions will tell you, they tend to command rather high prices. Once, in a fit of blind frenzy, I bid more than 120 euros for a particularly appealing specimen. Fortunately, I was outbid. Whew.
New York City is home to the Yankees, The New York Times, Vogue, Broadway, the Rockettes, Carnegie Hall, the fashion industry, Madison Avenue and some of the most amazing restaurants and artists and musicians in the world. It’s a city for the best and for dreamers and for anyone who believes that somewhere out there is the reality of greatness and success.
And shut the doors on a one-time great little publisher that is now the biggest cautionary tale of all. A cautionary tale, indeed.
I am not sure if it was during all of this, or as I was driving home, but all of the sudden I was overcome with the amazing grace and love of God. God who for years patiently listened to me kick, scream, whine, grieve, and hurt for what I thought was such a huge lose in my life. God who on Friday gave me my dream and it was more wonderful than anything I had ever come up with for it was fulfilled with a little girl named Taliah- who loves to go sledding and play in the snow! I was overcome with the enormity of it all and have been trying to form words around it since. Not sure I accomplished that, but the one thing I know is that sledding in the snow with a child you are allowed to call your own is not unimportant to God- no the opposite is true, it is very important and one He delights in because He is the only one who could have made it happen!
Armani Watches – For Stunning Looks, Elegance and Magnificence
The House of Representatives requires that bill be made available online for three calendar days before a vote. In the Senate, rules require that a cloture motion to end debate “ripen” for over a day, and even then 30 hours of debate are required.
Even on the most blistering of days it’s cool out in the harbor where you can still sense what it must have been like to arrive on an emigrant ship. You’ll see the skyline and bridges from a whole different angle while the Statue of Liberty will only gain in the grandeur of its scale and message.
to the imprints of loss
The problem arose in the aftermath of President’s Obama’s announcement that U.S. Navy Seals had killed Osama bin Laden. Mendenhall apparently disapproved of the public’s mass jubilation at this news, tweeting:
At that point, with a new 1RM established I walked away from the rack and started setting up for the METCON. My mindset was, “end with a hit.” There wasn’t going to be a better front squat this morning. I don’t think I could have gone heavier and I don’t think I could have done another rep as technically clean. Sure there parts that could have better. There always are, but that was the best it was going to be today. Better to walk away with the satisfaction of that last lift still on the brain.
I didn't know how much work went into being an author. I thought you get published, people buy your books, you go on Oprah, movie deals start coming in.
Chateau Vaux le Vicomte is transforming itself into the Sleeping Beauty château for Christmas. More info here.
Somewhere along the line though, as I got older, I stopped thinking like that and adopted a much more Christian mindset. Went to church every Sunday and fully meant all the words I sang in the songs in church.
Dang..it's been a ROUGH week.
3: Whole Lotta Love
She pulls back then just enough to make him quiver
I laughed so hard tears rolled down my cheeks.
I learned that not only was she behind in math (as we suspected) but she wasn't even getting some of the subjects. The upside is that she seems to be rockin' along in "language arts" and reading/ reading comprehension. Her 1-2 grade teacher managed to pound quite a bit into their brains while she had them.
As you know by now, I love toadstools! I painted Emmy's little table to look like one, and just have a little infatuation with their cuteness. So to that tune, I am sharing some toadstool love today in a couple of different places.
“I’m a pessimist, but that doesn’t mean I’m going to give up on trying to limit what’s happening,” Mr. Brandt said. “Sometimes you have to realize that it’s extraordinary that there are any elephants left at all.”
This post is not my usual light commentary, I know, but I was going to write about this new scandal in the Catholic Church. You know, the one regarding another priest molesting boys, boys in a home for the deaf. Those of you who have read me for awhile know that I have a son who is hearing impaired, so you can imagine my feelings on this. But honestly, even I can't think of enough four letter words to adequately describe my disgust at the situation, and you'd have to be a pretty hard core asshole to not agree, so there's really not much else to say about the case itself. It just makes my head explode wondering when people will finally acknowledge that the people running the churches are JUST PEOPLE and the rules they try to enforce COME FROM MAN, NOT GOD. In many cases I see the church (of any denomination) becoming more important than God, and religion more about who we're supposed to hate, not who we're supposed to love.
Love 'em in theory, hate 'em in reality. I love the big build-up (like la rentrée! or les feries!) and get so excited to go bananas. But then one of two things inevitably happens:
“I tried to kill myself but they always manage to save my life. I wonder how many lives that I have. I’m tired to try. I decide to just live my dirty life.”I wipe my tears. “I run away from home and live alone. But run with just a little money is so hard. I ask my friend’s help and him gladly help… but one thing that I don’t know is it’s not free.”
Vass, North Carolina (pop. about 750) is in the south-central part of the state. According to local press reports on Sept. 21, 2007 Emily Haddock was home from school with strep throat. When her grandfather came to check on her, she was lying in a pool of blood on the floor. According to police reports she was shot twice, once in the mouth and once in the back of her head. Later autopsy reports it was two .22 caliber bullets. The bullets were fired from a stolen handgun and a gang of five young feral black males were arrested for the murder.
I’m writing this evening after a refining process where Jesus had to help me remove a lot of negative things from my life that had come between me and my praise and worship with Him. It was a difficult and painful process but I’m so much better for it. I can honestly say I’m truly in love with Jesus right now. He is my strength and my redeemer. I present this blog to Him as a token of love and gratitude for all He’s done for me. Everything I share with this blog will have the sole intent of bringing praise and worship to Jesus.
Pro-Palestinian protesters will gather on Sunday August 21 at Portland Place (near BBC Radio) at 2pm and march to Trafalgar Square.
1 oz. New Albanian Hoptimus Imperial IPA
Unlike Amy Chua though, Mrs. Dhaliwal does allow her daughters to take breaks to visit the restroom when they wish, watch TV and choose their own musical instrument to play. However, she does not allow her daughters to sleepover at friends’ houses and says sports can be “time consuming” and might cause them to “fall behind in their studies”.
You can also expect a lot of previous characters to make an appearance. Collin’s excels at further developing the characters allowing you to make empathize and connect with them. Over the course of the three books, I have had the pleasure of watching the characters grow and develop. I have become so attached to them - they have almost become family. For those of you who are on Team Gale, you are definitely in luck. Readers get a chance to see a lot more of Gale. Devoted Team Peeta fans may need to reconsider whose side they are on. As for Katniss, I can now officially call her one of my all time favorite heroines. Without out a doubt she is one daring, courageous character.
Though the work he set us to do was sometimes interesting. In Fifth Class, he told us we should begin a project of writing our own books and occasionally showed interest in what we were producing. Most of my classmates took these long periods for personal creativity as an opportunity for goofing off, but I became involved in a complex Buck Rogers-type
The hearing takes place at NYC Board of Standards & Appeals at 40 Rector Street (near West St) Manhattan. ‘R’ train to “Rector St.” A bus will leave from the Can Factory at exactly 1 p.m. if you want to comment.
the happy dance my chair he he he he!
Furore is on the way to Agerola where we started our walk yesterday, so we are familiar with the winding street that will take us there. The town is so picturesque . . . the sea below, the mountains above. We notice various tiled artwork as we drive toward the winery.
There was a live band playing, and it’s a pretty cool place with great food at a great price. We had a lovely night, topped off by ice-cream from Royal Copenhagen.
Our sources tell us that the Author will be returning tomorrow after an extended blog Break ~ She has been quite busy,
Here is the phenomenal indoor pool. According to the site, this area is the building's basement was originally a coal bunker for generating heat, then the armor-plated safe for storing Philippines Tobacco Company money, gold, and documents, and now the space has been outfitted with a pool. Quite a lineage, isn't it?
Add the great food and wonderful friends....and it really was memorable.
The Home Aids come in an hour to teach me a few tricks in caring for her needs... and I still need to go over all of her meds with the Hospice Nurse.
We have several exciting things planned this year and really want everyone to join us for our silver anniversary. I am available all day for any questions, issues, or concerns.
In the January 2012 episode, actor Mike Daisey tells the story of his trip to Shenzhen, China where millions of Chinese workers work in near slavery conditions to assemble the various tech products, clothing, and toys that we Americans bring home by the cartload. He tells the story of the unconventional strategies that he used to get inside the Foxconn factory that assembles iPhones, Macbooks, and other assorted Apple products. He reveals his firsthand account of a country where human labor is so cheap that even our most high-tech gadgets are assembled by hand – millions of hands crippled by performing the same task on an assembly line for hours on end. He describes a massive building with security guards at the exits and nets strung up on the sides of the building in response to a recent surge in employee suicides. He tells us of the dorms where employees sleep – twelve foot square rooms with fourteen beds stacked floor to ceiling – each bunk space so narrow that one can only slide in “coffin-style.”
He went out of his bedroom, and down the stairs, ready to face the world.
And the blessings come from heaven
United is offering double miles from Washington, D.C. (IAD) to Dublin, Ireland.
We left the crowded tent to catch some air (read: Monkey got his cigar on) and the remaining shafts of sunlight for the day. We estimated the crowd count totals: 800? 1,000 people? A waiter handed me a small cup of butternut squash bisque and I savored every creamy drop. There was a photo booth, stocked with period costumes and wigs for silly people have record of themselves being silly. The staff were putting out space heaters around the tables where every third guest was smoking a cigar. Replenished, we headed back in to brave the longest line: pulled pork with apple-herbed coleslaw. People were queued up from the front of the tent to the back. We were feeling patient, so found the tail-end and stood. After finally making our way to the table, we enjoyed our servings. The pork was nice, but lacking in smoke flavor (however, there were smoked pig heads adjacently displayed — bait and switch?). Perhaps because of the large crowd, they weren't able to prepare for the large quantities with a smoker the way they did last year and went for oven roasting instead. Still tasty, and the slaw was a perfect accompaniment.
I still enjoy Commando today, even amongst all the fabulous publications I’m privileged to read as part of my job. It just goes to prove that Commando’s brand of action and adventure resonates across ages.
Building on the code from the last article, I can now write a game loop which will check the gamepad data, and set the sprite’s X and Y coordinates during vertical blanking, and whilst maintaining 24 frames per second. I’ve also added a check for the A button, which will increase the speed of the sprite’s movement:
You can relish this addictive tangy and crunchy Red Carrot Pickle immediately with your meal. Refrigerate after use. Mangai inji ( a variety of ginger with mango flavour ) can also be used instead of normal ginger for its special flavour.
I can already tell you that this is not going a blog about how I erase six figures (yes, SIX figures) of debt in some ridiculously short time frame, a la No More Harvard Debt. It won’t even be gone in four years. It’s going to be a long process that will require me to balance my debt aversion, having a life, and preparing for the future.
If you would like a surprise, let me know that too.
Honey's work schedule. I know that nobody can help it.. it's what Shipyard does to a crew, but it's sucked something fierce.
1 generous pound chicken breasts, chopped to 1/2-inch pieces
14 within
Hoping to give you more happy posts,
pluck each shaped stone of life
Help them win $500,000 and push the research further in order to cure ME!
From the hands that spend their lives creating tension
Dress: Nine West
As the photos I have saved on my computer improve, my criteria for judging them becomes more discriminating. I would have been very happy with the last cardinal photo, last year. This year, I want better! Every time I take a picture that is an improvement over what I already have, it raises the bar yet another notch, making it even tougher to do better than that in the future. Getting the next better shot then requires even more time and effort.
"Mr. Sharshar, I'm personally quite intrigued by your capabilities. Please tell me, how many missing persons have you helped locate this past year?"
Once you get home place all the colors on the kitchen table. If your table is not white then use a white sheet or white paper for a neutral background. Once they are all out in front of you group together colors that you like and toss the ones you no longer like for your wedding.
What do you all do when it's hot in the afternoon and there's no nap in sight? I'd love some input!
Jen x
Jackie Lee's single version of "Inigo Pipkin" is significantly different from the television theme tune, sadly. Here she seems to have gone for a little bit of a reggae lilt, which is a bit silly given that the show couldn't have been less Jamaican or urban. It's impossible to destroy the track's charm's completely, though, and its original intentions shine through.
Tuesday: make fondant
In the opening episodes there was a certain charm to the wacky high jinks, watching Bridget stumble her way through duplicity after duplicity that Siobhan had left in her wake, all while attempting to find out why Bridget-knowing menacing ethnic drug dealer Bodaway Macawi (whose name-spelling I refuse to Google one more time) or any other number of people were trying to kill her.
White ho gettin' dough, man, you wanna fuck with me?/
On this particular day, traffic was stopped as I was crossing the bridge. I’m walking, trying not to make eye contact, when a man leans out of the window of a truck and says to me, “Heyyy, baby, give me a smile!” I don’t look at him and keep walking. Then, in my peripheral vision, I see him lean back out the window and he screams at me, “You stuck-up BITCH!”
“The behaviors we take on as individuals every day are not sustainable over time, so we want to try to create a better world,” Gidwaney says.
Emma steps up, misses.
Over heard in the Post Office:
Warner recalled the Mayo Clinic had done some research looking at the epidemiology of learning disorders in children born from 1976 to 1982 in Rochester, Minn. Out of the 341 cases they reviewed, children with no anesthesia exposure or just a single exposure to anesthesia had ADHD at a rate of about 7.3 percent. Children who had two or more exposures had ADHD at a rate of 17.9 percent. The researchers also tried to adjust for other risk factors, such as gestational age, sex, birth weight, and comorbid health conditions.
My twisty little brain sent me scurrying off to the dictionary to see what exactly I was calling up when I called for the flamboyant love of God. TheFreeDictionary informed me that flamboyant can mean:
And that got me thinking – I’ve wanted to run a half marathon and a marathon for ages but never had the time/money/guts to do it. If my impending 30th could inspire me to do that, what else could it inspire me to do?
stand in elections, get involved in politics, have political aims, seek political goals etc means they are now an illegal unlawful organisation and its members and leaders - who wear, sell, display or promote para-military uniforms such as the ones they have been wearing in recent photographs - means they are liable to be arrested.
or ‘thing of my blood‘
He managed to find one shoe in the closet where it belongs. Jackson found the other one, after searching high and low for a good 10 minutes, in the garage. (I have no idea.)
(oh before you get started in reading my answer, make sure to put your own answers in the comments field, and follow the links so that you may have a chance to win a Kindle Fire in the sweepstakes. Click HERE to enter the contest and CLICK HERE To read more on happiness.)
In a satisfying environment, one strives to seek that balance between the activities that are classified as doing work and those activities we deem essential to running the family and household, those recreational and down-time activities we need to recharge and enjoy life.
I'm not totally sure how or why he learned these two letters, but he did. He can correctly identify an O most times, and an S sometimes. If you ask him what any other letter is, he will tell you S or O. So we're working on that ;)
What are we supposed to make of that? The possibilities are more terrifying than endless, but thus far in 2011, S&P has awarded AAAs to more than $36 billion of securities in America. Equally mind-boggling is that these loaded guns were created by bankers who continue to gather thousands of loans, bundle them into bonds of varying risk…..and then pay ratings firms a fee to assign credit rankings. Pretty much as they did in the fat years leading up to the near-disaster of 2008.
This week's topic is Top Summer Activities: What were your favorite family moments/activities this summer? And, you know, did any of them involve a memorable BREAKFAST or CEREAL, since breakfast/cereal is our theme for this series?
And an integral part of those values was trust in the wisdom of the ordinary people as a whole -- something Reagan was famous for. He constantly said that the great achievements of his era were not his but those of the American people as a whole. Trust in ordinary people and a belief in giving them large liberties are integrally related. And that trust has been rather remarkably vindicated in recent research summarized in a book on the wisdom of crowds and reviewed here. The book shows that, time and time again, the wisdom of ordinary people beats that of any elite or any individual. Excerpt:
I am writing this as a TV viewer who has subjected himself to far more hours of so-called 'reality' television than he cares to remember. It's not that I find this programming stimulating - it's simply that all too often there is nothing else on. I don't expect this situation to change anytime soon, and so it looks like we'll be spending time together in the future. As such, I have one piece of advice. Or perhaps a request. Make that a desperate plea...
It's not a series for professionals, because I'm not one. It's a series for me, the me who got my camera three years ago and didn't know what the heck I was doing. I'm hoping it will be of help to you too!
The student will investigate and understand basic types, changes, and patterns of weather. Key concepts include
xxxxDebxxxx
DEPRESSION. If this affliction is on the list of things you worry about for your twice-exceptional child, you might want to check out an article in The New York Times Magazine for Sunday April 22. The title of the article is "Post-Prozac Nation: The Science and History of Treating Depression." Find the article.
our own anti-stress hero. He discovered his while waiting anxiously before his speech some time ago. A few minutes before his turn on the stage he noticed another speaker looking incredibly relaxed. That was the moment when Alan realized that stress is not a condition, it is a choice. After that day that man became Alan's role model for ease - the person he channels in "could-be-stressful-situations".
I have entered the below card into lili of the valley( can't remember how to enter link of blog)
Bad Madison :)
So I now have the walking boot and he said I can begin to put some weight on it as long as it feels ok but to keep using the crutches as long as I needed. So far nothing magical happened and I’m still pretty much stuck with the crutches. I can balance a little on my left foot but walking really isn’t much of an option at this point. I’ll just have to keep working on this for the next couple weeks and I really hope to be without the crutches by the time I go back in for my next follow up on August 9th. This is when the evaluations happen and we figure out what happens next as far as rehabing. Right now he said I’m still in the healing stage so there’s not much I can do but wait.
But I digress (as I often do, I suspect its a habit when writing about one's passions).
It turns out that when the casino fire alarm goes off, the vents in McDonald's close, so all the smoke from their fryers was blowing into the casino. This resulted in McDonald's being unable to fry things until they got the vents open.
I’ve got a job lined up for the summer and am trying to get enrolled in a summer course at a local community college. Unfortunately I waited until the last second to register and I didn’t realize until today how many things needed to be done for that.
I started a segment called 'Green is the New Pink' a few weeks back and I apologize for not updating more often! I have things in mind, I just stumble with the whole implementation step. The idea behind 'Green is the New Pink' is that you don't have to be a stereotypical tree-hugger to be green. We can all make small steps, as stated above to "reduce our environmental footprint." All of the above steps can be taken with little to no expense to you! Granted, some may not be relevant to your area, but if you research enough, maybe there's something you can do to start it!
I’ve given your disc several listens. Interstate and Joan Doanut are my favorites. That’s not a question, obviously, but feel free to respond.
Now in both cases (and these were both probably close to 6 years ago), I had been building my own relationship with these authors through email and phone calls and my own readings of their manuscripts, but still, there was outside confirmation that I wasn’t some total wackadoo in person.
Samantha Hughes...Jocelin Donahue
She replied, “You know, I am trying to figure out what to do about a little girl at school that is being mean to Chloe. Chloe came home from school crying. This girl wont stop calling her names. I tried telling their teacher before that this little girl is mean to Chloe but the teacher keeps saying the girls have to work things out on their own.”
And suddenly life makes absolutely perfect sense! I now know why I am constantly getting lost in libraries, no matter how small they are. The world according to the rules of philosophic essence rather than pure science.
"And, has thou slain the Jabberwock?
14. Rondo. Allegro 3:34
So this is what I decided to do. I tried to look at her house as if I were a potential buyer and was going to do some updating for it myself like it was my own home- keeping in mind her request to keep it on a budget.
But not a tear fell, not even a long-drawn sigh, long, long I gazed,
I always find it funny when I read the names that pattern books have given to their blankets because I find by the time I stitch them they usually have nothing to do with their name. I tend to latch on to a pattern if I like the look of it, then immediately start planning what colours and what kind yarn I'd like to have it stitched in.
Set over three decades, this is the story of Yvonne facing the most challenging issue for a ballerina: how to change herself, her entire creative makeup and outlook, in order to remain more than a blip on
Stitch.
Available at most locations of the popular fast-food outlet for as little as $1.49, it’s practically a meal in itself. A soft flour tortilla wraps around rice, beans, a blend of three cheeses, lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream and guacamole, like a protective mother wraps her arms around her children. Spicy scamps that they are, the ingredients try to ooze free as you eat the burrito. But they are doomed instead to satisfy even the heartiest hunger, except maybe for that glob that landed on your shirt.
John Dewey, American philosopher and educational reformer, believed that “democracy is more than a form of government; it is primarily a mode of associated living, of conjoint communicated experience.” We are not autonomous individuals, we live within a society. As a society we must evaluate what we collectively value. Are highways and schools important? Yes, then the people should build highways and schools. If we value the humanities, sciences, and arts, then our society should have programs in place that foster their development. America doesn’t have a strong tradition of supporting the arts and changing this won’t happen over night. That is why organizations like the Junior Committee are so important. We engage our demographic, give voice to those who often feel marginalized, and take action. When we work together we can build a brighter future.
The church,built in the Dutch style,was founded in 1688. It is the Royal family's local church when
In an uncertain world, it’s no surprise that people look backwards. With ancient empires crumbling, rabbles rousing and new powers rising, purveyors of bread and circuses are looking to the ancient Roman Empire for entertainment, if not enlightenment, in these troubled times.
Matt just looked at me and shook his head.
The charges against Thomson were far more serious. As a fugitive from Bothwell who had not taken the King’s peace, had been involved in the Airth rescue and present at Cargill’s Devon Common preaching, he could have expected little mercy. Their fate, at least in Cuthill’s case, depended on their answers before the council. The documents concerning their appearances before the Council on 12 to 13 July, confirm that both Cuthill and Thomson committed treason by publicly denying the King and Council’s authority:
Add milk, vanilla, and cinnamon. Start off with a little. If it looks like you want more go for it. Mix all three ingredients well.
Step 1: Cleanse your face.
What else would you like to see from the self-pub/indie community???
To make the optional icing: Put the sugar in a small bowl and stir in maple syrup. Keep adding syrup a little at a time until you have an icing that falls easily from the tip of a spoon. Drizzle the icing over the top of the cake letting it slide down the curves of the cake in whatever pattern it makes. Let the cake stand until the icing dries, a matter of minutes, before slicing.
First Ashley. She LOVES Chuck E Cheese. She makes a b-line for him every time when she first walks in the door. It doesn't matter if it's the robot Chuck E or the real guy walking around. In fact, after she gave a high-five to the real thing, she took off and did some sort of victory lap around the eating area. But now let me ask you, in my attempt to get a picture of her smiling face with Chuck E in the background, this was the best I could do. Is this not the creepiest picture ever? She looks like she's running in terror from some really creepy giant mouse! I think she was just jumping around (90 miles an hour - her usual speed) and it was at the same moment Chuck E looked this way out of the corner of his eye. Like I said...creepy!
In his hands.
Notice all the orbs, which are fairies or spirits!
...Nah, let's keep going, just a few more stitches, just a few more rows. I'm nearly done, there's no use in stopping now.
Charlie Kaufman (director- Synecdoche, New York)
Wahooo can you guess how much paint and ink and modge podge I have all over the place!!:):) Well its so worth it! To create with free abandon is so good for the soul:) I have created this art journal after taking Heidi Kelley's class called B You! She is a teacher at Miss Arts Papercrafting School. This class covers mixed media application and so much more!!!!
What a tremendous pleasure it has been to watch this kid run here the past few years.
Craft buttons
Life is shit.
Just up the row from LaFungHi, there is an awesome stall called Farm Fresh Shellfish where they not only sell fresh shellfish including oysters at reasonable prices, they will also shuck them on the spot for you - if you are in the mood for brunch that is decadent only in taste - they are only $2 each!!! (Last time I went they had Fanny Bay and Endless Summer ones) There's a little table set up with lemons, cocktail sauce etc. if you're so inclined. I personally love the purity of oysters that taste untouched and only of deep ocean, so I'm happy to gulp them down whole right off the plate as soon as they're shucked - no toppings.
You can find these videos and more information about them here. It might be a helpful resource to you or for your church. No matter what you use, make sure the Bible is taught well!
It has the same soft fruit palate and the same invigorating gunpowder finish. The light in Mulligan's isn't great (that's my excuse for these crappy photos) but it certainly looked to be the same shade of yellow. There did seem to be an extra smack of bitterness in the middle, but that could easily have been my imagination. Colin took a sample and assured me that it was the correct beer; that it tastes totally different to Helvick; and that I have the gustatory acuity of a donkey with a headcold. Colin doesn't get these things wrong.
Because he wanted to ease my pain.
We include in the ‘sidebar’ a list of the last 5 post (firstly we included two more fields in the posts table: ‘created’ and ‘modificated’), so we must upload function beforeFilter() of AppController by using theClassRegistry:: init () because we want to load a model that is not ours, and then store them in session so that the view can get them.
37. You can’t do that on television
Performing as his alter-ego, Angus was constantly directing and correcting Wayne and Philippa throughout the show and being a right snobby pain in the bottom. I quite liked this version of Angus, but finally Philippa, who played Chloemiddia, snapped and more drama ensued to hilarious climax.
Can you taste it–
I remember when you welcomed my little family into your home one Halloween night. We came trick-or-treating, expecting a package of Smarties or a miniature candy bar. Instead, you fed us homemade chili and sent us home with a loaf of french bread and a plate full of cake. That's how you were--always so selfless, willing to give to the people around you.
This weekend, at the scene of the massacre, correspondents reported that the “victims were beyond help, with axe wounds scarring their bodies, bayonet thrusts deep in their backs, and skulls crushed by knobkerries or lengths of thick wood.
None of the smaller Japanese makers were represented and the only Nikka whisky I saw was an odd "Gold and Gold" bottle dressed up as a Samurai helmet. Incidentally, there was a lot of Scotch that is difficult to get outside Japan, including blends such as Old Parr Superior (6000 yen), at prices that were much better than the Tokyo department stores. There was also a very limited selection of shochu.
Oh, go on then, we’ll double-post just because I did take a few photos of people! People are very interesting – and there were a heck of a lot at the Museum today..! Luckily, it’s a pretty big place and other than the first room (through which everyone walks) there was plenty of space to wander and read and take in the history.
Sarah and Zachary decided that they didn't want to do it. I was fine with it, but I told them that I still expected them to keep up with their reading. I also told the kids that based on how many books they read this summer (either by the week or the month, I haven't decided which yet) that I would give them little treats or trips to keep them interested. They loved this idea. Secondly, I only expected the younger four to participate in my little reading experiment. Amanda and Anthony are really busy this summer. Amanda with work and Anthony with the high school band. Plus, they don't need to be reminded to read, they just do it.
--think:
Building a great business means that you should not only chase new orders but also stick close to the purpose and indeed “what you are in service of…..”
He said: “Some of TV’s funniest and most charming are utter pond-scum, whereas many of the more obnoxious, grumpy, outrageous, aggressive, and tough-nut celebs are actually cuddly, sweet, and rather charming behind their rough-cast exteriors. This experience led me to suspect that there was a distinct corollary to be learned – i.e. the nicer they are on-screen, the bigger a bastard they are off-screen and vice-versa.”
I don't think I'd ever have cleaned it this good if it were not for this blog post, but boy does it feel good to not see it all yellow inside!! I just boiled some diluted vinegar (1 part vinegar to 2 parts water) in it. But that didn't do much. Had to use my cleaning toothbrush...
Of course the lights had to be tested before being wrapped around the tree… and what a great opportunity for some horizontal macro shots!!
Dogfish Head's Sam Calagione Book Signing/Meet & Greet (4/22)
The lampworked beads are from Sue Beads (I love her stuff!), the sterling teardrops are from my LBS and the heart sterling chain is also from my massive shopping trip at Tucson. Um, did you notice that the chain on the left earring is a bit wonky? I didn't notice that when I was taking the picture and did I mentioned it was about 115 degrees out there? I wasn't going to go back out there...
Wake Up Where You Are, released in March, keeps in the vein of guitar-fuzzy peace and love pop and sounded pleasingly fitting alongside the band’s classic ’60s gems like “Rainy Day Mushroom Pillow” and “Sit With the Guru.” With a live lava-lamp light show appropriately flooding the stage, drummer/percussionist Gene Gunnels (the only remaining member of the band’s earliest incarnation when it was known as Thee Sixpence) donned his signature magician’s top hat, further adding to the fantastical wonderland vibe. Accompanying Gunnels was madman percussionist Randy Seol and a wall of junkyard metal drums so high it all but obscured him from view—because the only thing groovier than one drummer on stage is two drummers on stage. Howie Anderson, who joined as lead guitarist in the 1980s, played alongside SAC mainstays Mark Weitz on keys and bassist George Bunnell. Sitting in on flute and guitar was Steve Bartek, formerly of Oingo Boingo and Danny Elfman’s current orchestrator, who began writing songs and playing with SAC in his early teens.
will be introduced and illustrated with elementary physics examples. Extensions of these concepts to field theory will be indicated briefly. Biographical notes about Emmy Noether will be emphasized.
Now that you know a bit about this classic beer, let’s get on with the review…
But a person who uses the tone argument does the opposite: he refuses to face up to the wrong he has done or do anything about it, much less apologize. Instead he turns it on you, making it not about what you said but how you said it.
- A corporation will donate millions to revitalize several cherished Brooklyn landmarks — if enough history buffs vote for them. Brooklyn Paper
Off to the warm up ring we go...
(The receptionist is interrupted by Mr. Sapiens)
Awesome friend(hereafter known as AF): Do you know who those people are?
Can touch its gently curving side;
Turns out you just had to turn a knob for the gate to open, so she quickly flowed into everything being ok and then had a great time w/ the goats and then there was a snake talk right next to that that she loved, and all was well......
That is something u would wanna know
Her colleague glanced up, and shrugged.
8. C. Vela (Real Sociedad): Age: 23 Gls: 12 – WGR: 1.25
Access to the Recreation Ground was by way of a lane beside Kenyon’s confectionery shop. The son of the owner was at an early age into theatricals and one Saturday morning charged a few of us an old penny each to go into a store room where he put on some sort of a show! I think he bullied us into watching his performance! For him this was the beginning of theatre life. Further up this lane were some maltings for preparing wheat for beer making. It always smelt cool in there. After this was the slaughter house. We would stand consuming ice creams and watch the slaughter men wrestle with squealing pigs until silenced by a stun gun. Then their throats were cut to drain the blood – a most unpleasant smell.
My aunt has said that it’s fitting that John became a lawyer, since had things in her life worked out differently, my grandma Dianna would have made a great lawyer. He apparently gets his stubborn qualities from her, as well as his ability to argue over anything. It makes me wonder what qualities I got from her.
1…2..3..4..
Isn't it darling? Its one of my faves because I love cats and dogs :)
Story Source:
Thus, from its operation in us, we see that this gift is a supernatural tool that the Holy Spirit uses to permit our very common and otherwise very limited human nature to participate in bringing forth God’s Kingdom without requiring the human effort and prayer talent required to achieve the same level of prayer and communion with the Father’s heart.
So I finally hung them up. (does it take any one else 6 months to complete an incredibly simple project, or is that just a me thing?)
Want to go all out and be an extreme minimalist that lives a self sustaining lifestyle off the land and off the grid?
Liveris’ 36-year Dow career has spanned manufacturing, engineering, sales, marketing, and business and general management. He has spent the bulk of his career in Asia, including 14 years in Hong Kong. Key roles included general manager for the company’s operations in Thailand, and president of all Asia-Pacific operations. He began his Dow career in 1976 in Australia and has been a member of Dow’s Board of Directors since February 2004, and was named CEO in November 2004. He was elected as Chairman of the Board effective April 1, 2006.
Alexander Calder
‘visitation,’ which was alleged to have taken place in the temple at Kirtland, was a grand fizzle. The elders were assembled on the appointed day, which was promised would be a veritable day of Pentecost, but there was no visitation. No Peter, James and John; no Moses and Elias, put in an appearance. ‘I was in my seat on that occasion,’ says Mr. Whitmer, ‘and I know that the story sensationally circulated, and which is now on the records of the Utah Mormons
and oh boy how we been raped by the illusions of equalities,freedoms or crazy democracy ?
And Eleanore, who feels like she needs to use her baby voice whenever shes talking to her almost-two-year-old little sister, likes to play copycat and join in. Especially when she catches me gushing over how adorable whatever it is, is. And even though it sometimes annoys me that she does things like that for attention, its still pretty adorable to see sisters, side by side, ooh'ing and aaah'ing over the morning flock of hungry boodees, and all things nature like. Fine fine, use your baby voice until your whine turns into a whisper for all I care, just so long as nobody is fighting or crying- be precious all morning.
April 26 – May 13, 2012
I'll never forget about Number 1 or Number 3, both of whom never made it into this world but who were very much wanted, loved and mourned.
Initially part of the Federal Writers’ Project, the Historical Records Survey and its cemetery survey and transcription project began in 1936 and the first phase of the project was to last four weeks, at 30 hours a week. The total estimated cost of the first phase of cemetery work was $9,269. This overall estimate included $5,232 for paying 109 cemetery survey workers (for four weeks) and $1,962 for paying 218 assistant cemetery survey workers (for one week), $300 for office supplies and equipment to compile the transcriptions from both the archival and cemetery portions of the survey, $480 for paying 10 workers to do the compiling and indexing from both portions of the survey, and $545 to cover the local workers’ travel expenses. The estimated travel cost for 10 regional supervisors (to coordinate both the records inventory and the cemetery inscription) was listed as $750.
“I’m afraid you are right Moskk… I have been lost for some time now… But I am home now” explains Agatha.
Either way, I had fun with it and I look forward to having more fun trying out other projects including some of my favourites, the sock monkey cupcakes, the high heel shoe cupcakes and the ‘Night of the Living Dead’ cupcakes …okay, so I’m still focusing too much on cupcakes. That will change, soon enough.
When Sen. Trillanes thrown his hard hitting line: You have no reputation to protect. He had not only traumatize us but had also caused pain (and destruction) to intricate social web (of family and friends).
As you can see it isn't opaque, it's quite patchy. Having said that it isn't bad, the coverage for the most part is fair, no worse than the average lipstick but certainly not any more opaque than average.
They managed to get to the side before my car plowed into them (again, no guilt here!).
- while reports said it is safe to use a mobile phone, I am not too sure, best avoid using the house phone during a lightning storm
2nd layer: zucchini rounds. Use 1/2. Season as above (salt, pepper, onion & garlic powder) then top with 1/4 of the cheese. Pour 1/2 the cream over the squash on this layer.
Is there a message in your writing you want readers to grasp?
8: I’ve stayed ‘up north’ too long.
yet another post that Blogger decided shouldn't go up as scheduled.
I've been avoiding it. November was pretty much the most unproductive month I've had since starting my 25 Before 25 list because well, I was really busy. Let's break the month down week by week shall we?
here is the card I made for her. All the flowers are dipped in a hand made glaze using Distress Re-Inkers and triple thick with a bit of water added, then shaken off to remove excess. I really love the way it gives the flowers such an intense colour.
We saw some "Igeltanrek" (sorry I don't know the English word xD) who are kind of a very cute, small hedgehog which you can keep at home in a terrarium (yes it is legal and okay to keep them like that!)
Despite the age of the building, much of the internal decoration is far more recent, following alterations in the 19th and 20th centuries culminating in the extensive restoration of the church in 1960. The oak pews date from the 1970s, the pew ends featuring intricately carved descriptions and decoration. In another nod to Dedham’s transatlantic connections, one commemorates the NASA Apollo missions, while another is dedicated to the people of Dedham, MA, who in 1967 gave over £1000 towards the upkeep of the church.
The final icing on the cake of our journey was a visit to a restaurant where you can dine while enjoying traditional Okinawan music. Does this mean that if you listen to surprise musical performances of the DGS ending theme “Kiseki” and of “Happy Birthday”, and if you dance a traditional kachashi dance**, then you’ll feel completely happy…?
Writing these blogs did and did not change my engagement. When I watch shows, I still normally watch them mindlessly to get out of my own world, but when I’m watching, I catch myself wondering what I can write a blog on. The blog assignments have not really changed my way of thinking about TV in general, but other assignments in this class definitely have. The episode commentary especially changed my view of looking at shows because I analyze everything that happens, especially in Friends. It took me a week or two to actually be able to engage and enjoy Friends again. Then having to create our own TV show and what channel it should be on and why and then make a trailer for it made me really appreciate what people in the television world do for us. It’s great. I may start blogging just for the fun of it now, thanks to this class. Thank you so much for your help in writing. I really appreciate the time you have spent helping me with my writing skills. I really enjoyed this semester!!
And, we prayed every day for peace.
talked about the dreams of the future...
Here's a little taste of what the rest of our Easter looked like..
Now who is going to follow suit and DIY?
5. Relax in the evening away from the cooked food
The DT have created some real stunners to inspire you sooooo lets get crafting.
kitchen sink?
To condemn free-market capitalism because of anything going on today makes no sense. There is no evidence that capitalism exists today. We are deeply involved in an interventionist-planned economy that allows major benefits to accrue to the politically connected of both political spectrums. One may condemn the fraud and the current system, but it must be called by its proper names — Keynesian inflationism, interventionism, and corporatism.
I watched a programme about her last night. It was broadcast on Sky Arts and as I watched it it brought home to me just how talented she was. As I grew up my tastes changed and I discovered The Stones, then The Who, Jimi Hendrix, Cream and on into rock and folk music (Fairport Convention remain my all time no1 group).
The following is an essay written recently by my friend and fellow blogger, Saudi Woman. She is a modern well-educated Saudi woman whose insight into the culture and mindset of Saudi society is always of interest. The SaudiWoman Blog has been nominated for a 2011 Bloggie Weblog Award for Best Asian Blog. I would urge you to take the time to vote for her outstanding blog for this honor.
As the apostolic team left Thessalonica many lies were spread concerning their message and their conduct. Therefore it was necessary for Paul to give a defense of integrity of his ministry to Thessalonians. It is likely that the Jewish leadership played an active role in the accusations along with the Greek countrymen (vv. 14-16; c.f. Acts 17:5,6). The charges against him included his desire for personal gain in both finances and human acknowledgement.
He multiplied foods for the hungry and feet 5000 (counting only men), altogether may be more than 10,000's that He fed through multiplying of foods with just a single meal, this is just Amazing, but true. There were 1000's and 1000's of people who were witness even on these things. Jesus Christ is God. Jesus Christ is Love, and He loves you.
Yes. Exactly. If you are a Christian, this is how you should see not just this case, but life in general. Famous Christians are not "better" Christians or more important Christians or more "representative" of God than any OTHER Christian! Nor do what they do = God's will. (Except Christ, but he's a special case XD ) And as stated above, it's dangerous to start playing that game.
2) RUDE FUCKER, cheepet -_____-
Then, the media begins its spin, arguing as Chuck Todd, with his cynical smile, body language of disgust, and obvious prejudice in a truly exceptional Mr. Darcy pose that anyone who believes what the president said is simply “naive”. He and others continue today to insist President Obama’s trip, speech and the signed agreement are merely political. Of course they are political, but there is no merely about it. When two heads of state and NATO agree after months of negotiation to chart a course for continued partnership and mutual security that is a political act. That is why we HAVE a president, to represent our best interest and negotiate relationships with the rest of the world. TO BE POLITICAL. The reason we televise their speeches and appearances is because we believe in transparency, not because it is an election year, and not because our president is self-serving.
Think back to Kelly, from Cast Away. Deep in her heart, she knew Chuck was alive. But she lost faith. She gave up that hope and settled for what she could get at the moment. Because of that, she missed out forever on the life she might have had with Chuck if she had only held on.
Hence, a sun room necessity for the Northwest. Ours is full of outdoor furniture and odds and ends we move around and can't bear to throw away. My project this winter is to clear out and keep just the things that put me in a good mood:
L = n2 r2 / 9r + 10 x
Peter Mokaba openly encouraged the murder of innocent South Africans and he influenced the South African Government to deny the existence of HIV/Aids.
In 1845, the public was fed up with the archaic system of Watchmen and Roundsmen acting as an incompetent and un-industrious quasi-police force. Spurred on by the fury of the press, New York City’s reformers disbanded the Watchmen and Roundsmen system, and replaced it with a functional police department, which was then copied by many cities throughout the United States of America.
1. welcome to Planet Motherfucker/Psychoholic Slag
In addition, perhaps radical Islamists, as well as ‘mainstream Muslims’, have cottoned on to the increased knowledge of all things Islamic that non-Muslim now have and have therefore changed their behaviour accordingly. Perhaps Islamists, and others, are waiting for this temporary blip to end. This may partly explain why the the immigration official Burke interviewed had not dealt with an ‘Islamic fundamentalist since 2006’.
This link would allow him to play with a freedom he enjoyed at Everton and with Scotland, utilising his eye for a pass, ability to create goals in big moments and a keen work ethic.
“You feel like heaven to touch / I wanna hold you so much / At long last love has arrived / And I thank God I’m alive” – how many writers have put these thoughts in a hero or heroine’s head? The jaded person who didn’t believe that love was for them, who is consumed with the desire to simply revel in the person with whom they have fallen – fallen hard and fast – in love? Let’s also not forget the following knee-weakening lines:
Every book is different. Some books pour out. Some books sputter along painfully. Some need a little revision and some need a lot.
Okay, that got way too much into the ‘Choose Your Own Adventure’ format. -nervous cough- Moving on.
PITESTISEMERAS 12
Fighting clothes is difficult so can I just say the clothes I like? I like the tomboy style. I often wear clothes like a hiphop boy or suits that have a man-ish or boy-ish feel.
Old issues of Beyond the Tracks – this was the little newspaper I wrote and put out for my friends and neighbors.
B: "Unscroove"
The saga continues. DSK has already said he won’t stand in 2012: but if Sarkozy were to be linked convincingly to an anti-DSK plot, it would still be a matter of celebration on the French Left.
We’ve had several days of badly needed rain, and the the hill where I live is a verdant oasis. This afternoon while reading on the back patio, I saw a bird that I can’t identify even after pouring through the bird books. My husband’s having a go at it as I write this, and George is lying on his back on the living room rug, gently squeezing one of his stuffed animals.
The mountains are my family, and though they may be distant cousins and aunts, I still know we are somehow related. On fogless days I climb on their backs, as I did when I was a child, so as to get a better view of home.
My wish is that this beauty will be appreciated and perhaps even spread to other areas of the city. Aren't the blocks of solid primary colour tulips bordered with intense violet muscari impressive after the grey of winter? It is much too beautiful to overlook.
I would also like to add:
Then let the real English ‘mentor’ defend himself and his support network from a thorough investigation, its then up to the police to break that man unless someone knows everything anyway which could be why there has been a white wash of the whole case from the beginning.
One of the search engine terms somebody used to find my blog was ”Describe a Scene in an Interesting Way,” and I thought it would be a great subject for today’s post.
Seating for Commencement
3) Shingles, a viral infection of the skin (that may occur on the chest) can be very painful but is usually present with even light touch to the skin on the chest or even clothes moving against the skin. There may be a rash present at the time of the pain or it can actually occur before a rash is present
After the prolonged drought we had here in East Anglia in the Spring, I remember longing for rain. Now, after days and weeks of relentless, and often torrential, rain I find myself eagerly anticipating just a glimpse of sunshine. It would be nice. It would also be very nice to venture out in my sandals again instead of my wellies!
ponpolo ponpolo
2. In a large mixing bowl, combine beans, tomatoes, and cilantro.
3.What do you want to do?
What are your thoughts?
to their dark, underground cities —
“What about that sleeveless shirt with the ruffles? And the black pants. That looked good, right?”
Title- Bad Teacher (2011)
But, the back and forth was the easy part.
and would if I could offer any
in my HEART OF DARKNESS:
Fact; I like cats! ;D
My second contribution uses some rescued components from last week's challenge. The woodgrain and script stamping was cut from a one layer card that was slightly off square and mounted onto this one with the Memory Box die cut added.
‘For as the Father has life in himself, so he has granted the Son to have life in himself’ John 5.26 NIV.
If what I’ve written about God is true, then my 7 year old self had no reason to worry that there was a higher being who enjoyed seeing her suffer.
· Cheese
No, you are a living relic. It is my prayer this week, as you read about how the church assembled the sacred Scriptures, about those who contended for the faith, and those who died for it, that you will take comfort in this notion. And remember that your job is to make more relics just like you.
The third annual Asian Food Fest will be held on May 19 & 20, 2012 on Freedom Way at The Banks, located between Paul Brown Stadium and the Great American Ball Park in downtown Cincinnati. The festival will feature food from various countries such as Vietnam, Thailand, Philippines, India, Indonesia, and many more. There will also be local craft and Asian beer, live entertainment, children games, and fireworks by Arthur Rozzi Pyrotechnics on Saturday night.
the awakening of dormant stones,
The reason for these high sequence similarities is that the ampliconic region is mostly composed of eight large palindromes spanning 5.7Mb (or roughly 25% of the MSY) across the long arm.The two arms of the palindromes display arm-to-arm sequence similarities between 99.94 and 99.997%. The largest palindrome, P1, is a staggering 2.9Mb long and also contains two 24kb palindromes within itself. Each palindrome has a spacer in its center which ranges from 2-170kb which form hairpins in gene conversion (which we will discuss in a later post – it’s really cool!). Six of these palindromes contain protein-coding genes with at least two copies per gene (one on each arm). Of the nine gene families, six are exclusive to the palindromes.
KRIS: Nothing. G’night, Pa!
But with me it is a very small thing . . . or of man’s judgment. The Latin version give “of man’s day.” The meaning is the same; for the “day of the Lord” is frequently put for the “judgment of the Lord,” and a day is commonly named for defendants to appear for judgment. Cf. S. Jerome (ad Algas. qu. x.). He adds that Paul, as a native of the Cilician Tarsus, used the Greek idiom common there, and called “human judgment” “man’s day.”
Fast forward, 2 New Years later,the Big Guy, our then 18 month old Bella and myself sit in our second home... in Indiana. Again, I am sitting with a burgeoning belly and a bursting heart. We are expecting our second child and all is right in the world. What more could I want out of this world? My cup of life overflowed with love. At that moment, I felt like I had everything that I had ever imagined I could need in my life. People spend their entire lives searching for the kind of relationship that the Big Guy and I have together.To me our girls were the living, breathing manifestation of all that love and respect that we have for one another. I sat there, fat and happy to be exactly in that moment.
The San Diego Chargers have been hot and cold in the draft. Lately, it’s been cold in the early rounds. General manager A.J. Smith could care less what the consensus might be around the league. He has his own player rankings and he sticks to them. It makes for some unpredictable drafts. While most fans cheer–or boo–their team’s draft selections, Charger fans tend to respond with “uhh…okay…” or “what?!” Overall the Chargers have drafted well, especially in the later rounds, so I can’t complain too much.
Pack 8: Lee Evans, Jon Beason, Jordan Shipley Autographed Patch Refractor #125/500, Arrelious Benn RC
He was wrong however, if he thinks it’s going to be bed of roses and that everyone will fall at his feet when he’s with England he’ll be wrong again.
It’s around 8.40 am and I’m wrapped up in a duvet on my desk chair. It’s like my own DIY warm chair ^_^ Just imagine a huge cream puff with me in the centre. That’s about what I look like right now.
A while ago we signed Sunnyboy up to The Lego Club and he was delighted when his first free Lego Club Magazine arrived in the post a couple of weeks ago. Sunnyboy currently makes several Lego models a day and after reading the Lego Club Magazine he made this model to enter into the Lego Club Building Challenge. It's a tracking device.
Skin Care Tip 3:
baby is a year or so old and then give it to him!
I am beside myself that my entire family is coming down to participate in all the pillaging this weekend!
Brower was indicted in April 1980, along with Wilson and Terpil, for his role in illegally conspiring to ship the explosives with knowledge that they would be used to ”kill, injure and intimidate individuals.” After pleading guilty and agreeing to cooperate with Federal investigators, he was fined $5,000 last December and sentenced to a five-year prison term, with all but four months suspended.
It’s pretty good, if I do say so myself.
The fried chicken.” -Jay Leno
Thundercats was after my time.
117. “Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.” – Antoine de Saint Exupery
I am Harriet
Somewhere along the lines I forgot that lesson. Last night I learned it all over again.
Telephone: (212) 258-6000
ARTWORK is also very welcome - whether to accompany your story/poem or inspired by one of Katherine's books! Please send this as a .jpeg or .gif picture file attached to your email (keep the original for yourself).
of faith, the Bible says that “we
We’ve been back at school for two weeks now. They haven’t been full weeks by any means, so we’re still trying to get back in the flow of things. Here’s a little peek at our curriculum for this year.
"The MAGOOS News!"
4. The word “dude” in The Big Lebowski is used approximately 161 times in the movie: 160 times spoken and once in text (in the credits for “Gutterballs” the second dream sequence). The F-word or a variation of the F-word is used 292 times. The Dude says “man” 147 times in the movie—that’s nearly 1.5 times a minute.
As I write this, the news just broke that the very first two lawsuits against the new law have been filed. These opening salvos came from the National Coalition of Latino Clergy and Christian Leaders, and a Tucson police officer. The story is here.
This book pulls together some of my most favorite things, weaving a new story with new characters and depths. As I read, I felt growing satisfaction… that THIS is what I had always hoped for and didn't even know it.
If England counts with you, for she is weak;
Zinn's report supports previous findings that most attacks occur between 7pm and midnight, while people are relaxed - cooking or watching TV - and their security systems are not activated.
I had my first archery lesson on Sunday as part of a series of columns I have been writing exploring the intricacies of some of the lesser-known Summer Olympic sports (believe it or not, there are more sports than swimming and gymnastics). It was a fun experience and the Santa Cruz archery range is just gorgeous.
Other might mean extraordinary, or beautiful, or so utterly necessary. Trust me. Maynard said so.
Add your linky below! Enter your blog name along with whether your giveaway is US, US/CA, Int.
-Wash the broccoli in warm water and add little salt.Leave for 5 minutes,remove from water and chop it very small.
I did some more studio work today, so in a few days, I have some more photos of what is finishing up and what is getting started.
One series of books, while they existed, quickly became Amari's favorites. I believe they were left-overs from a summer reading program Carrie taught during grad school. Each book is titled, "When I'm feeling ________" and include descriptions of feeling mad, sad, loved, happy and kind. I especially liked the last one, because it sounded so sweet and unique when Amari would quiz me. After going through a few of the other feelings she would ask me, "Dada are you feeling kind?" And usually, by the time she got to that question, I was. If, however, I were ever feeling sad, she would immediately stop the questioning, wrap her arms around my neck, kiss my cheek, and say, "I make your sad feel better."
“Because people don’t walk around in the rain,” she said, smiling at me like, Wow, you’re one dumb bunny, aren’t you?
Song Il-gon (b. 1971) is a South Korean director that has seen more success abroad than at home. In a fashion similar to Kim Ki-duk, his films have garnered praise in the international film festivals circuit, but received less attention in his native country, whether from critics or from cinema goers. Song’s career trajectory is intriguing: after graduating from the Seoul Institute of the Arts (<U+C11C><U+C6B8><U+C608><U+C220><U+B300><U+D559>) in 1994, his request for a visa to study in the US was turned down and he ended up the Polish National Film School in Lódz instead – the school that produced filmmakers such as Roman Polanski and Krzystzof Kieslowski.
Michael LaFaive of the Mackinac Center for Public Policy recently studied the impact of cigarette taxes in Michigan, California and New Jersey... LaFaive's study estimated that 40 percent of cigarettes smoked in New Jersey come from out-of-state or illegal lines of distribution. The figure was based on smoking rates, the number of adults in the state, and the number of legal sales per adult.Bump the tax up enough, and you'll get hijacking and theft, too. We had a case near here a couple years ago where someone smashed a pickup truck through the glass front of a store at night, grabbed armloads of cigarette cartons, tossed them in the back of the truck, and drove off with thousands of dollars worth of cigarettes (and taxes). Great idea, those higher taxes.
As for the junk food, I have managed very well without it for the last 3 days. I admit that I am eating very regularly to keep my cravings and compulsions for cake under control. Today I made a big egg-white omelette with 4 eggs and split that into 2 meals, with some quinoa on the side (to give me some long lasting carbs without wheat). I am managing fine so far, and as I said before I will write more about this soon.
Photo credit: Pottery Barn Kids
The Sound of Music is the first movie that I remember watching. I was young, but I remember being very excited about it. Even today, it is one of those films that just doesn't get old for me. Granted I've not watched it in years, but in some ways I've watched it so many times I could play it inside my own head. I suspect though, that I have far better things to do.
or bag raiding
Seven decades and a few years I have been around and Dick Clark was a big part of those moments and years I call happy.
for my rusty gears.
Is goat cheese an acquired taste? I will admit that as I try more goat cheeses they are starting to grow on me. Don’t get excited … I’m not sending the cows home just yet.
1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.
Prosecutors said the women were held as virtual hostages, forced to have sex with clients in hotel rooms, apartments and even the back of their captors’ taxis in exchange for just enough cash to survive. One victim was even made to get a barcode tattoo, prosecutors said.
VL: All of these independent community kingdoms related to each other through marriage. That’s how you broker alliances—how you gain more power and access to luxury goods, land, and crops. While most of this region was conquered by the Aztecs in the late fifteenth century, the Zapotecs are able to maintain control of cacao production—an important ingredient in chocolate, the drink of the nobility—through a negotiated marriage between a Zapotec prince and an Aztec princess. Similarly, when the Spaniards arrive, these indigenous nobles make alliances and become an integral part of the new world economy—emerging in a new role of caciques, who functioned as intermediaries among the Spanish clergy, the Spanish officials, and the indigenous communities.
Such Is Life follows Melissa Jones as she visits the small town in Pennsylvania where she grew up. Homecomings can often be bittersweet. Melissa’s heart remains in the country, but living and working in New York City for several years has certainly given her a whole new way of looking at her roots.
let alone plead to
There's so much I wish you could tell me. How much air do I put in the tires? Do fans use less electricity than the AC? Which one is the Phillips head? Was I 8 or 9 years old when I told you I thought I was pregnant? You loved Pittsburgh but thought Detroit should win the Cup, didn't you? Does Mom like hydrangeas? Can you still see us?
Rosenberg uses his books to talk about Jesus to his readers. His passion to make disciple of all nations has inspired him to include many Biblical accounts in the books he was and is writing. The main characters in the books–Jon and Erin–manage to model how Christians should act, think, talk amidst series of struggles. Their faith had helped them overcome and succeed many trials.
Anya Taschereau
So that today can be better than it is
07-08 Dublin, Ireland – Phoenix Park
Whether that landing is harsh and depressing or validating and sustaining depends to a certain extent on how well we've been learning and applying our Saturn lessons in the sign of the scales. That's not to say Saturn only lays its particular brand of reality-based smack-down on irresponsible n'er-do-wells. Everyone goes under its thumb at one point or another. But people who have been actively attempting to wriggle their way out of Saturn's squirm-inducing, step-by-step relationship and relating lessons will certainly be getting a reality check here as well as one last chance to get it together.
Row 9-(sc in 4, 2sc in next) around (18)
4. Insert with info about the HQ-CD format
Tuesday - Cunchy chicken fingers, pasta salad and roast potatos
An example of a “balanced” situation where there is no net outside force:
It's like anything, the first one takes ages to make and sometimes you need to hide a few mistakes but after that you can be on a roll.
I’m joining in (a bit late) with Blogging through the Alphabet with Marcy from “Ben and Me.”
MAGIC 52 (NORTH-EAST ENGLAND)
I like the way Lowell addresses the flowers themselves. Much of his phraseology is rich: “fringing the dusty road with harmless gold,” for instance. The metaphor of children as “high-hearted buccaneers” who find “an Eldorado in the grass” which surpasses in some way even the gold found by the Spanish is interesting and fun. The poem is enriched by Lowell’s reference to his own childhood, and is given a deeper meaning as he draws a lesson from the value of the “common flower” at the end of the poem.
I’d rather they were independent, interesting, idealistic, kind, opinionated, original, funny – a thousand things, before ‘thin’. And frankly, I’d rather they didn’t give a gust of stinking chihuahua flatulence whether the woman standing next to them has fleshier knees than they do. Let my girls be Hermiones, rather than Pansy Parkinsons. “
8 take
As I'm getting set to write my new book, I'm facing a lot of options--far too many. I had originally wanted to write an internal drama with four characters. We'd know in the beginning when each of those characters died, but we wouldn't know what the impact of those deaths would be. At the same time, so many people died in Cyberlama that I'm curious to try and write a book where nobody dies. I'm also playing with the idea of collage--taking real speech from real people or fusing headlines from news stories into my prose. And, as I've mentioned over the last few days, I'm experimenting with more flowery prose as well.
Theresa's Blog - Marilyn Nimmo
I do very well on a low-carb eating and love the South Beach Diet book and cookbook!
5- Start adding the beaten egg little by little until you form a dough. It shouldn't be sticky. If you feel that that dough is a bit dry, add more beaten egg, 1 tsp a time. Do this step slowly because this dough will quickly turn wet and sticky and this would make shaping the cookies hard, and even affect the final result.
1211: Reach Chuzenji, from there take a 15 minutes walk to Kegon waterfall, take a look see
21. You're on a diet. What food(s) do you fill up on?
Conditions can make you jump
BLT (Blog of the Legal Times)
I would be yours, my love.
“Oh, come on, Anton. What would happen if I try to search for you online?”
swindling and/or stringing others along while being swindled and/or strung along yourself
This is a photographic scrapbook of John Glenn's flight. Each photo is captioned and linked with 1 page intervening "chapters".
Now I'm ALL for falling in LUST with inanimate objects that do stuff for you..........
I confess that I have an unhealthy fear that all spiders can actually leap into the air, Michael Jordan-style.
The context in which the revolution took place would be a pretty good place to start. Up to the 1930s, Spain was a largely preindustrial country controlled by wealthy landowners, the Catholic Church, and a series of monarchs and military dictators. Meanwhile, revolutionary fervor was brewing. Through the turn of the 20th century anarcho-syndicalism grew popular in rural Spain, and to a lesser extent in cities as well. The industrial sector was particularly rife with labor conflict. Strikes were a regular occurrence, and were often violently broken. Many thousands of workers were jailed or killed in numerous strike-busting clashes with bosses, police, and the military. In
There are two modes of listening, either at the computer, or on a mobile device. Bizarrely, these companies charge more if you listen on a carry around device with a tinny sound rather than a big computer you can connect to stereo speakers and blast away your songs in all their sonic glory.
The Magician stands between the primordial mother, hidden beneath the surface of the water, and the primordial father, with his sun and infinite lemniscate. The two trees are the doorway between the spiritual and the corporeal world, and the Magician, cloaked in the brown of earth, is handing us a Metatron’s Cube (or a Phoenix’s egg). The dark of the abyss shows in that under the Magician’s cloak we only see black – there are no facial features.
In addition to her writing, Adrienne has worked as a Women’s Pastor and a radio show host. She attended Oral Roberts University with a major in Missions and Theology. Adrienne founded Bevy, Inc in 2003 as a vehicle for encouraging women to appreciate their uniqueness, and realize their place in what she calls God’s “True Love Story.”
What beautiful Design...
Jotera / hetero token woman who’s part of a lesbian group
Aquafarms, called “floating pig farms,” by Daniel Pauly, professor of fisheries at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, put a significant strain upon their surrounding environment. According to Pauly, “They consume a tremendous amount of highly concentrated protein pellets and they make a terrific mess.”
Grocery: 12.5%
It does look like Mario stole Luigi's clothes, but she was ecstatic about it, and that's all that matters.
And drags you out of paradise
When you decide to make Pasta dish using vegetables, saute the vegetables given under the table above in a pan, using little oil. Add red chili flakes, and required salt and cook till done.
Misfits Cherry Dress
We went there for the Guinness soaked lamb and cheddar sliders. They are so fucking fantastic that I, with my rather superfluous vocabulary, can't find a word that would do them justice. Scrumptious would be close, I guess.
Yeah you are beautiful but you don't mean a thing to me
The Girl From Ipanema 04:47
The leaves jumped and tumbled on the pavement as she headed down a sidestreet away from the shops. I knew what I was doing was odd but I felt compelled to follow her. As commerce turned to residential the streets started to empty of people. I had to be careful not to be seen. It's exciting to follow someone, don't you think? To be so aware of them, their movements and what is betrayed by them, while they are completely unaware of me. Makes me feel alive.
*Images: PTI Signature Christmas
It´s not that I can say I know for sure I´d prefer robots, it´s just that I can´t say I wouldn´t.
When I spoke to my mom that afternoon, I learned that my daughter had gotten well enough to check into school later that morning. When I picked her up from school, she had a bag filled with cards and snacks given to her by friends who had remembered her birthday. She had a big smile on her face. Mary had interceded for us! God had answered our prayers and turned the day around for her despite the very rocky start.
After he finishes wrapping himself up in bandages, Mesdan leaves the hut, unbarring the door and closing it behind him to keep out the rain.
I'm so pleased with the 2 solutions I've found for my ribbon and rubber that I want to share them with you, but I've decided to do a whole series of how I've solved some of my craft room issues, starting with this one about converting your rubber stamps from wood mounted to unmounted. Thanks to the awesome new storage cases from Stampin' Up! I've started umounting all of my stamps and reducing their storage to about 1/4 of the space they took before. This is possibly the BIGGEST space saving change I could have made, and I can't recommend it enough! It's also allowed me to store similar stamp sets together so I can plan my projects more efficiently.
b. Zoom out Street Block View
Passing Through:
"TWINSIES!"
Step Two: Adjust your mouth. Choose your words with care. Using war vocabulary to describe your child and your interactions with him sets you both up for an adversarial relationship.
I've always been interested in human interaction and this was intensified last year when I joined Facebook. Until then I was one of those refuseniks who saw Mark Zuckerberg's creation as an attempt to shorten out attention span even more (as if that was humanly possible) through a combination of LOLs, smileys, emoticons and snaps taken by a shaky hand on a mobile phone. However, I was able to re-connect with old classmates from my uni years and form an online community in which we do a lot of reminiscing. At the centre of this virtual reunion are patterns that are embedded in our genes. It's the reason why one of the members of this online group posted a photo of his wedding the other day and despite the fact that I didn't know him that well, I had a lump in my throat nonetheless. It was the black-and-white-yellow-around-the-edges colour of the photo that did it for me.
Lesson 2
For my Design Team project,
As I talked about above, most well known series start with a successful book one, so I would urge concentrating on producing a brilliant standalone rather than working up a series proposal that may not fit with publisher’s long term plans.
Innovation in Action
"A" wrote a poem and each part connected to one of the pictures she included. I love that she expressed that this woman was more than an "In-law". She also said how proud she was to be "D's" wife. What a wonderful thing for any wife to say. You can see why we love them!
What a bad loser!
But consider: After subtracting for inflation, prices are also back to 1986 levels. And 1955 levels. And 1895 levels (see chart).
I wanted to post a quick card I made for my oldest granddaughter, Hailey. She is getting baptized on Sunday and we are all so proud of her and love her so very much for the life decision she has made.
I wasn't sure how to respond to that. I have felt the same feeling at Jill's grave - the feeling that she's there - I wrote about it here and here. I feel her presence there, and I feel like she's listening to me when I talk to her, so I know exactly what Katie means by that. To me, it's that "connection" thing that I wrote about before. That connection I had with Jill was never broken, even in death. Katie has that too. With Jill. But she doesn't have it with her dad, because she never really had a chance to know him. And that's why she doesn't feel anything at his grave.
Here's a really great tip that I got about slicing your cake layers: use dental floss! Crazy, eh? I mentioned in my first cake post that I got one of those levelers, which didn't work very well. A reader told me that I should just use floss- which turned out to be really effective! Give it a whirl next time you bake a cake. =)
This flower is made from tissue paper! It's a great project to do with a mat that is on it's last legs, because you want one that is as un-sticky as possible (so that you'll be able to get the tissue paper off again). Cut yourself a 12x12ish square of tissue paper and adhere it to your mat. Then cut as many scalloped circles as you can fit on the page (either using the "auto-fill" feature on your Expression or setting it up that way on your Gypsy).
4) Pneumothorax: this is also called a collapsed lung and happens when air gets between the chest wall and the lung. This can be due to trauma or even occur spontaneously
Matthew King was once considered one of the most fortunate men in Hawaii. His missionary ancestors were financially and culturally progressive-one even married a Hawaiian princess, making Matt a royal descendant and one of the state's largest landowners.
I don't blame that nurse for anything. She was right. I'm 25. My mother had 6 healthy babies. My sisters have each had healthy babies. My Grandmothers had healthy babies and so on. We had absolutely nothing to worry about. We would take from this non-invasive test, freedom. Freedom from worries.
This year, my mind is more clear. Believe me, the pain is still there but it is manageable now. I was able to think straight and come up with something that will be heart touching for even Brian. For starters, the Father's Day card was made with photos of Wyatt and a touching poem about an angel talking to his father. And the gift, well, the gift is just wonderful. I decided on an engraved dog tag with Wyatt's photo on the front and an engraving on the back. Since Brian doesn't read this blog (for many reasons), I can share:
10/28/2010 BUY 0.02 xauusd 1325.69 10/28/2010 1343.15 +34.92
A mystery.
<U+30D6><U+30C3><U+30C0>:<U+30AF><U+30EA><U+30B9>·<U+30D8><U+30C3><U+30B8><U+30BA><U+3063><U+3066><U+4EBA><U+306E><U+66F8><U+3044><U+305F><U+6C17><U+306E><U+6EC5><U+5165><U+308B><U+672C><U+3002>
Days passed by, one day early in the evening she heard the announcement of free medical camp which is going to be conducted in her village. After hearing this news, she was quiet happy and she eagerly start waiting for that day. The day came when Kanakamma attended the Operation Blessings India camp. There she was examined to OB doctor for her problems. They advised to do some lab tests for checking her diabetes (blood sugar). After the test, she came to know that she was suffering with diabetes. Her blood sugar reading is 200 mg/dl. Then she consulted the doctor again and he prescribed necessary medicines for her. Operation Blessing India Counselor advised and counseled her about diabetic. They advised precautions and the diet which she has to take.
I won some super cute vinyl labels from Ginger Snaps a few weeks ago, and they are the perfect accent for the canisters. I used my blue chalkboard marker and…….
Foreign Countries 0.7
In Trinidad, things go at their own relaxed pace. Here is a collection of my time lapses taken during Carnival 2012. Mainly in Port of Spain and one at Maracus Beach. I hope to do a more in depth one next time I’m there.
Please stop by Beverly’s at How Sweet the Sound for a wonderful variety of pinks. There’s art, beautiful vintage dish and glassware, gorgeous gardening and wonderful recipes for lots of inspiration. You will not be disappointed. Happy Pink Saturday everyone!
This research was supported by the Medical Research Council and MS charities, Roan Charitable Trust and Aims2Cure.
Cutsew: Baby
The banks should be supporting the economy not the economy supporting the banks.
In a decision issued last week, the German Federal Supreme Court BGH had to decide on a patent relating to a method for transmitting e-mails using the SMS-Standard. The method required a modification of the data structure according to the SMS-Standard and the solution employed mechanisms which had already been provided (though for slightly different purposes) in the same standard.
Fruit. YUM. Honey. YUM. Lime. YUMMM.
The San Francisco District Attorney has dropped a criminal investigation into allegations that the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith illegally obtained police and government records on a wide array of political groups.
In short, I think I should drive in on days that include a pool session… All valuable lessons and will be fun to look back on some day. Imagine I may not be alone in all the gaffes I seem to be making on a routine basis so if you have any suggestions or want to share similar mishaps in the hopes of saving me the trouble I’d be glad to hear ‘em….
- Went skiing again and got up on the wakeboard immediately. Something clicked and I just got it, that happened to two other guys too. More fun than skis, but harder to cross the wake. I really need to bring a videocamera with me next time so I can document the spectacular wipeouts while tubing.
Though when I get out
Here's a little list of "pauses" --
I decided to just run through quests with none of the in-character feelings I usually have (because it had been so long since last playing, I didn’t remember most of the stuff I had done).
I began one Monday morning, looking out all the ingredients, carefully buttering the cake tin and even cutting a greaseproof paper circle to fit in the bottom....and set to, all the while listening to Radio 2 and pretending that I was a Real Grown Up. I was wearing make up and perfume and nice trousers. I hope you're impressed.
I’m thinking… maybe I should stick to photo posts! They are certainly more interesting to readers, especially if you are not like me! I love going through posts word by word, dissecting it and researching too… but otherwise… photo posts it is!
Now, I find the glass is almost gone!
The Holy Grail Epics ALL took place in France where part of King Arthur’s Kingdom extended in Brittany’s peninsula and this is WHY the Merlin/Myrddin, Emrys Ambrosius is buried there in the Forest Bróceliande in France to this day… because for a time, Arthur’s Throne was in Brittany after the 10th Battle at Mount Badon where Britain was United after Rome’s fall near the time of the Unity of France under Clovis I the King of the Franks in Gaul/France. This was in the 5th Century CE.
In what will be comforting news for those of you worried that the warm winter in the United States reflects anthropogenic global warming (and discomforting news for those of you who worry that we are all just complacently burning fuel to our doom), the area of the planet covered by sea ice is again over the mean for the satellite era, defined as 1979-2008:
So what the hell is happening in there? And, if it’s not food related, why is it so important? Some might postulate that the Quakers are an elusive society that silently pluck the strings of government corruption and corporate greed to their advantage. By inviting important figures of power and industry, they are able to discreetly govern the globe to their own advantage. Of course, we all know that’s utter bollocks, otherwise why would they engineer a massive global recession? That is, unless the financial collapse is a result of a conflict between the Quakers and a rival secret society of shape changing replicons from the centre of the Sun. That, and JFK organised 9/11 for some reason that’s complicated to explain right now.
Following the fantastic performance by the sprint Queens, Dani King, Laura Trott and Joanna Rowsell then beat Canada in a record 3:18.148 in the team pursuit final.
Look UP and feel the warming sun!
I am sincerely hurting
I was talking with a friend recently and we were talking about the changes we’ve seen over our lifetime, this is what old guys do when they get together. I had to admit that the biggest change I’d seen in America over my lifetime is something that’s quite disturbing it is that America has become an inconsiderate nation. It seems to me very often as if people believe they are alone in the world, as if their actions have no impact on another person at the least, and more disturbingly that they just don’t care what impacts they have.
I want to add this. The people blaming the genocide on apartheid supported this ANC Regime all along and are therefore the architects of the Genocide and cannot be trusted now. They feel in most instances that the genocide is warranted, because it is viewed as payback for the so-called Human Rights Violations that were concocted by the media. Remember always that we were the children in school uniforms that were showed in movies abroad apparently using blacks for moving target practice. While the poor ignorant fools abroad never realised that we were actually filmed while doing target practice and later the films were edited to show blacks lying dead in-front of us. WE were the ones in those movies, therefore we know what really happened and how those films were produced and we know that the world could nail us today based on those movies as according to the world we really did shoot blacks in our school uniforms, at school and with the consent of the teachers. So these liberal idiots blaming today's murders on apartheid do not deserve our time, because they do not even feel guilty for the murders that they were the architects of. To hell them. They will in future turn against us once again and when we have to defend ourselves against the Regime they are the ones that would once again use that film material, manipulate it and show the world, once again "Look at what those nasty Nazi SA whites are doing to the poor innocent blacks!" Mark my words these people will again use the film material to paint the opposite picture, because as stated so many times before, we SA whites were Nazi's and that is how they view us and that is why they feel we deserve it as payback for the so-called atrocities of the past that they think happened here.
When I opened up the box... I was so confused as to how in the world the thing works. SO I got my husband (the manual geek) to look it over and tell me how to use it. I know, pathetic. :)
Alayne F. Gentul, 44, Mountain Lakes, N.J.
- Cocco collection patterned papers
Pros: A whole new year means new opportunities and a fresh start for all.
Drilling down under the "Visitor" tab is a segment called "Page Views for All Visitors" and will show how many (both in real numbers and percentage of the total) what days were the most popular (GA will always be a complete day behind in the data provided). In my opinion these numbers give the blogger the best information as to which topic was the most successful and more importantly the ability to plan for future blog topics. As an example; if a blogger posts a treasury or a giveaway promotion and the "Page views for All Visitors" on that particular day is low, it tells the blogger that this may not be the most successful topic for their blog going forward. In my opinion this is the best number to use for planning future blog topics.
-When you lie, do you pray and ask God for forgiveness?
Joaquin Simo’s Punky Monkey
So here I am again, writing about what happened to me today. Well, worry not I won’t brag about something. To be honest I’m quite confused, no rather innocent– unfamiliar with this subject that I will discuss and I feel the need of writing this down and maybe I’ll find an answer.
be honest
The three of us started talking about the TV show, I was still trying to figure out if they were talking about the same TV show that I had watched, and they said that they think that the TV show was called The Creators or Creators.
The United States Distance Learning Association, the nation’s premier distance learning association since 1987 presents its 2012 International Distance Learning Awards, the premier awards for the distance learning industry. These prestigious awards are presented annually to organizations and individuals, and recognize four categories of excellence: 1) 21st Century Best Practice Award; 2) Best Practice Awards for Distance Learning Programming; 3) Excellence in Distance Learning Teaching Awards; and 4) Outstanding Leadership by an Individual Award. The USDLA International Distance Learning Awards were created to acknowledge major accomplishments in distance learning and to highlight those distance learning instructors, programs, and professionals who have achieved and demonstrated extraordinary achievements through the use of online, videoconferencing, and satellite/video delivery technologies globally.
But there I was, an 11-year-old with ruined college and career plans.
We had dressed up for the day, and I had worn a tight, red turtleneck with tight, black pants and tall, heeled boots – and, of course, a pair of devil horns.
“I didn’t actually want to do it,” Kiala told the boy. “The universe just kind of conspired to force me to make a fool of myself. It does that quite a lot, actually.”
Shoeshine
4. Add bread and stir. Turn off the heat and let it sit for 2-3 minutes.
In a packed two-day visit to Belfast and Derry, Sheehan met with Irish Nobel Peace Laureates Mairead Maguire and John Hume. She launched the Cuban Five mural at the International Wall in West Belfast, accompanied by Jimmy Kelly, president of the trade union Unite and Danny Devanny, the mural artist. The Cuba Support group in Belfast commissioned the mural.
after a few months of trying to get to know Moses, I found myself complaining to a good friend about how needy he was. she replied, "hey! you prayed for a snuggler!" which was so very true. Vaelyn and Chris are doers, they don't stop doing unless you force them to, and I did pray for a child who would be more like me, and be ok with just laying low at home with me while Chris and Vae went and conquered the world. Moses is an answer to prayer in many ways and he has taught me a lot about myself. he loves to be loved and he loves to give love. if I go and sit on the floor, it doesn't matter what he's doing, he will stop and crawl over to me and just kiss me and hug me and slobber all over me like he hasn't seen me in days. it's the greatest feeling in the world.
“Up and down both sides of the highway,” he said. “This is how much we loved our boys. This is how much we cared for them.”
Here's another disturbing quote from the article:
Julie M. Geis, 44, Lees Summit, Mo.
“Alex.”
“Please,” Alec fires back, “spare me the Freud. I might as well ask if all those vodka martinis silence the screams of the men you’ve killed. Or if you find forgiveness in the arms of all those willing women … for all the dead ones you failed to protect.”
And so we did. A 4 hours walk and with breaks, train / bus a totally 8 hours tour from leaving the hotel at nine am till slipping the shoes off at five pm
Curtains open. There are two large (cardboard) flower pots centre stage (apparently empty) with a weed between them. Weed knocks on each flower pot and Bill and Ben emerge.
Blog Song of The Day
My dad, my brothers, and now it would seem, Oldest, can sell anything.
“And rugged,” I inform Greg.
7. If you do get an advance at a legacy deal, it will take a long time to earn out, if ever. Higher ebook prices mean fewer sales, and lower ebook royalties mean smaller checks.
The kids punched out hearts and glued them to the inside. On the other inside page, we will sign a little personal message.
Gloats over Christ Dying Young, A passage from Sanhedrin 106 gloats over the early age at which Jesus died: "Hast thou heard how old Balaam (Jesus) was?--He replied: It is not actually stated but since it is written, Bloody and deceitful men shall not live out half their days it follows that he was thirty-three or thirty-four years old."
One took place in a church. Surrounded by the trappings of culture and ritualised belief, protocol and decorum and stand now and sit now and say this now. I understand some people take comfort from that.
Ho usato i Copic per colorare l'immagine e sul fiocco ho aggiunto dei piccoli tocchi di Stickles Star Dust.
Reasonable carbonation, light and crisp, slightly herbal and grassy again, cereal malts, lemon.
Joe R. Lansdale – Godzilla’s Twelve Step Program
It’s getting to be a lot warmer here in the southeast so I like to serve a lot of lighter salads and grilled fare for dinners. We tried a recipe for a buffalo chicken salad and it was really yummy and completely gluten-free. The chicken strips were juicy and the salad had all the yummy flavors of a buffalo chicken sandwich just without the bread.
Grace will come and clear your path
Welcome to the weird and wonderful world of the BAE Systems Annual General Meeting. Shareholders were today welcomed into the Queen Elizabeth II Conference Centre, to be greeted by plush carpets, free coffee and glamorous posters featuring BAE staff saying how great it is to work for one of the world’s largest arms dealers (they don’t quite put it quite like that).
Sappy.
In 1976, after supposedly signing off with the most famous farewell concert of all time, The Band played on. Firstly, without Robbie Robertson; then, following the death of Richard Manuel, they limped further on: missing not only their chief songwriter, but also a third of their vocal prowess. Many things made The Band unique, but their ability to shuffle between - and combine - the talents of three astounding singers was something else, frankly. As a three-headed beast of exemplary vocalists, they had been in a class of their own.
I remember being told about Noah once by a rabbi, visiting Denmark while I was still living there, that Noah actually was somehow a coward. Here’s the deal: There is a comparison between Noah, Avraham Avinu, A”S, and Moshe Rabenu, A”S, both being faced with the destruction of people. We all – I believe – know the account about the dance around the Golden Calf, while Moshe Rabenu, A”S, was on Mount Sinai, receiving the two Tablets. The people, the Israelites, though Moshe Rabenu, A”S, had died, and then made for themselves a new “god.” Of course this enraged G-D, who told Moshe Rabenu, A”S, the He would destroy the Israelites and make a new people from him. Moshe Rabenu, A”S, instead of accepting G-D’s decision, pleaded for His mercy, stating that this would only be taken as proof from His enemies, that He holds no real power, since His people died in the desert. Moshe Rabenu, A”S, refused to accept the notion of G-D destroying a people. Not so with Noah, who didn’t react when faced with G-D’s decision to destroy the whole mankind, and start over with Noah (and his closest family).
Jon didn’t talk much about the role of the media. A member of the audience picked up on this and asked why not. “There has been so much written about it already, and the TV was absolutely full of it.” Jon replied.
Remember how it started?
And it does.
I spoke with a couple of ladies from the Riverview Center, and unfortunately I ended up giving them info on a blog that no longer works. So, I hope I can make it up to them by sharing the awesome work that they do, if I have in fact managed to embed the video properly.
For 2011, we are introducing the 50-50 couples ticket. This $150 ticket admits two people, with complimentary Vegas-inspired drinks and entitles you to one piece of art in the Art Draw. Singles can still buy a $100 ticket which admits one and includes one piece in the Art Draw. And everyone can still bid in the Silent Auction on select pieces from renowned artists.
Fall-Related Brain Injury in Older Adults: Focus on Prevention - Discuss the prevalence and incidence of traumatic brain injury (TBI) secondary to falls in older adults. Describe the impact of fall-related TBIs on quality of life, morbidity, and mortality. Describe age-related changes that increase risk for falls/TBI in older adults. Describe the types of traumatic brain injuries that may occur secondary to a fall. Identify common fall related risk factors. Describe methods of identifying signs/symptoms related to TBI. Discuss evidence-based interventions in managing older adults following TBI.
However, to keep the juices flowing, I may follow his advice. My mind loves games, and by playing along on this one, I could end up with another short story to publish. What do you think? Would you like to play along, too? You can trick yourself out of that dry spot and get a short story done to boot. We can team tag for each other.
On April 1, 1978 a very good friend was getting married and I went to the wedding with a group of friends. We were all still in High School but my boyfriend had a car so we piled into his vehicle and he drove. After the ceremony, being kids, we wanted to soap up the Groom's car with "Just Married" and all that stuff. Well, the groom had hidden his car so that just that thing didn't happen. We were determined and found out where they were staying that night, drove there and did our silly soaping, laughing hysterically and having a great time!!
Since it’s once again HOT…
The part that make it tolerable in retrospect was that a drunk guy at the adjacent bar was catcalling the officer during the entire exchange. I really should have gone back to at least acknowledge his enthusiastic defense of me.
I realize I can manifest what I want
A very good ending to this show, especially Storm’s promo. I still believe they should have given him the title win, but I am willing to watch this unfold, because make no mistake about it, Roode Vs Storm will happen again. The question though is can they hold this off all the way until Bound for Glory, or short-term at Slammiversary?
"Rhythm of the Rain" by The Cascades
“In my mind, I knew that, ‘OK, he’s doing his job. You have to eliminate the suspects, so he’s got to tick off these certain questions and get rid of me as a suspect and get on with this thing,’ ” he says.
I'd better explain. The other day we were talking with our eldest daughter about which days of the week the grandchildren were born on. We had a Monday's child first; and the new babies have been Sunday, Saturday and Friday in that order. You know the old rhyme, don't you? Monday's child is fair of face, etc. So we got to discussing how true the various labels were, in terms of our own family. We thought it was most unfair, and untrue, for poor Middle Daughter to be labelled 'full of woe' (being a Wednesday child), but the others (Sunday and Tuesday) have nice, complimentary descriptions attached to them. I was happy to show off about being a Friday's child - loving and giving. Nice one. I've always thought that was obviously a fair and accurate description of my loving and giving self! (!)
Well, I'm almost packed - just a few more projects before I leave tomorrow morning. If you are attending CHA, please visit and say HELLO! at Spellbinders Paper Arts - Booth #1883.
Calling this the “politics of sight,” Pachirat’s blood-soaked experience inside a slaughterhouse spotlights only the most illustrative example of how we’ve divorced ourselves from the means of producing violence—and how, in doing so, we have made it psychologically easier to support such brutality. Sadly, billions of factory-farmed animals dying barbaric deaths are just one subset of casualties in that larger process.
$1.00 off Next Issue of COOKING LIGHT Magazine
I think it’s great that the girls want to wear their “Homes for the Troops” shirts, as did the school principal, but this also wasn’t the first time the girls had worn clothing that violated the dress code and, based on the ages of the girls, any “punishment” and/or embarrassment should fall squarely on the shoulders of the parents…and shame on them for trying to take a dress code issue and cause a big controversy for the school.
Camping’s supporters had helped him in a multi-million-dollar advertising campaign, spreading his message of impending doom around the world. In the final weeks preceding the date, three thousand billboards bearing his message were erected in the US and a few other countries, a fleet of vehicles plastered with Judgment Day announcements criss-crossed the US, and believers all around the world passed out printed tracts with the message in public gathering places. Strangely enough, the purpose of all these messages was not to get people to “repent of their sins” and “accept Jesus as Savior,” so that they could escape from the Wrath that was coming. Camping and his followers accept a theology that says that God totally predestined, before their birth, all who were to be saved, and predestined the rest to be doomed. So the messages weren’t a “plea” to anyone … they were merely an announcement.
conceived in controversy, born of necessity, quietly insisting
Arise...arise....
Good morning and thank you for following along or choosing to live vicariously through our adventures over the next week as we spend some time rebuilding homes in New Orleans!
Oh yeah- Breakfast
Lydia got to play in an orchestra this year. It was very fun and exciting! The school district celebrated its 10th year of Suzuki String instruction in their schools. To celebrate, the had the composer of this song to come and conduct them play. Lydia played in an elementary Spring Orchestra which played with the Elementary Honor Orchestra, Jr. High Orchestra and High School Orchestras. There were 300 students playing all together. It was very neat!
aging and I do not like it one bit. Eyesight changing, my body changing
We've changed since we started doing this. We've become stronger, and I can feel us slipping. I hate that. I hope that he'll act upon what we discussed and I will try harder to follow the rules. We need that bond and that closeness.
Honestly, I made (and spilled) these things a week or two ago, but I saved these pictures for a time like this...when I'm ultra exciting and and not use my brain.
L.A. Noire is not the masterpiece that I had hoped when first seeing its dazzling prerelease trailer. It may, however, be the closest thing yet to a time machine. I spent hours just sightseeing in its wonderfully accurate recreation of post-war Los Angeles. The city might be little more than an elaborate set and, perhaps, a lot of unnecessary work for a rather narrow purpose, but it remains an extraordinary achievement. I admire L.A. Noire for what it is trying to be even when it falls short of those ambitions. This is a big-budget videogame where gunfights and car chases are only the side-dish. Deliberate and considered crime-scene investigations and interrogations are where the game plies its trade and that, at least, makes for an interesting change of pace. It would, however, be wrong to recommend L.A. Noire for what it is striving for rather than what it is, and it is, usually, merely competent.
Saturday morning, I wanted to make a kind of special breakfast for myself since I was excited to celebrate the Les Miserables day arriving! So, I made Eggs Benedict! It’s one of my favorite breakfast dishes and not too difficult to make.
Bang!
“Honey, I told you, keep still, or I’m going to knee you in the thigh again…”
It's a bit like being a little kid on a swing while a big kid keeps pushing you over and over in the same place...eventually, you'll fall out and go flying off. Similarly, asteroids that wander into a Kirkwood Gap due to random interactions won't stay in that gap for long, and Jupiter will send them off on some fairly random orbit. There's good evidence to suggest that many of the asteroids which cross Earth's orbit (i.e. the ones we really need to watch out for), experienced this fate.
Or hath he spoken and shall he not make it good”.
The IFE is very strongly linked to a group called the Osmani Trust. During Lutfur Rahman's tenure as Leader of Tower Hamlets Council he gave £3million in local tax payers money to the East London Mosque to fund the building of the enormous "London Muslim Centre" where the IFE is now based. He also gave half a million to the Osmani Trust, a group that wants to take "ex gang leaders" off the streets and turn them into people who can, among other things, enforce Sharia Law amongst the local population; Muslim and non-Muslim alike. Great, so local thugs used to knifing people in the park will now be trained to patrol the streets telling women to wear a burha and all this is paid for by me, a local taxpayer. O super.
We spent a long weekend in Cape May, NJ, and arrived home this past Sunday evening. It was nice to get away, the town was as beautiful as always, we climbed lighthouse steps and rode in a horse-drawn carriage and visited a Civil War village and ate far too much food that someone else had prepared and consequently cleaned up. It was fun.
Unley Council, which has been forced to collect almost $4million from Unley ratepayers on behalf of the Natural Resources Management Board in the past six years, has renewed its call for the unpopular “levy” to be removed from the Local Government sector and transferred to State Government.
‘However, there is still work to be done and we will carry on campaigning to make sure that the detail in the final Bill will truly deliver reform.’
(On Vietnamese food):
So what do the experts put the poker skill to luck ratio at? Well some say 70% - 30% whilst others say 100% skill. I reckon it is more like 90% - 10% and will show you why I think that at the end of this long article.
It was filmed in Spain. The original is 105 minutes, but the U.S. release (War Goddess) is a cut up 89 minutes. There is a Japanese DVD that has English language that clocks in at 103 minutes. Here's the trailer. Contains nudity. From 1973.
It doesn’t matter.
The results are now in.
One concern from tonight’s meetings is how can we ensure that community engagement ideas are fed into the planning process?
More importantly though, he uses his own first hand experience of seeing The Jackson Five perform a showcase at London’s (now defunct) Talk Of The Town to a handful of carefully selected media folk back in the seventies and how he and the late – and equally legendary – John Peel sat together, awestruck – at which… we shared looks of amazement as the group went through the fully choreographed routines of a Motown act, providing a platform on which Jackson demonstrated every ounce of the gifts and the potential that would make him, by the end of the decade, the biggest attraction in the world of showbusiness, the star of stage shows of previously unimaginable lavishness.
about 1/3 - 1/2 cup of grated gruyère or swiss cheese
Photo taken back in April on our way back from Titus' in Dumfries & Galloway.
The whole gratitude thing sometimes comes easily to me and other times not so much. I never feel very sorry for myself, but it is easy to take things for granted from time to time. Right now, a feeling of thankfulness and being blessed is overwhelming me....I'll take it!
By Socialist Party Wales
The ability is to find brand name Louis Vuitton purses with low prices, so that you can mixture glasses ladies, a common regarding the basket striking by their upper back to find.
Look beyond the dark clouds, we’re gonna meet up there
Valentine’s Day is just around the corner and the big butted moral police brigade has started raising their voice. Looks like they have run out of Pink Chaddis again.
"I am seventy two years old." He spread out the fingers of his hands and smiled again, while we stood with our jaws dropped.
I'm loving the Black Radiance Artisan Color Baked blushes. I wasn't sure what Plum Sorbet had in store, but once I swatched it I was reminded of another blush I own, Nars Sin. I set out to compare them. In the skin swatch (top photo) Nars is on the left and Black Radiance is on the right. Nars is a bit more rosey with a golden sheen while Plum Sorbet is a hint more true plum. On my medium- NC43 (NC42 and 44 mixed, lol) skin, the two look very similar. that I can't tell them apart when wearing them blended like normal blush. Heavier swatches may reveal their differences, but I won't wear them that way. For all intents and purposes, they are dupes in my book. Try them on your skin and tell me what you think!
Just for giggles and because I'm so proud of myself, here is another before & after pic side by side. :)
If using crescent rolls: Unroll dough; separate crosswise into 2 sections. Pat dough and firmly press perforations to seal, forming 2 squares
Another helpful tip is that when you’re cutting a softer cheese like mozzarella, put it in the freezer for about five-ten minutes. It makes it so much easier to cut, but make sure you don’t forget about it! I always put it in the freezer when I start the cutlets on the stove, and then take it out when the chicken is browned.
we are the same
Linking up to...
Mr. Sapiens: Not often. Once in a while I guess. You know these are normally eaten by the well-to-do or by those whose have “fruitful” taste buds.
How about you? Have any of you been sucked into buying any of this “stuff”? And if you did, did it work, or is the product languishing on your bathroom shelf, or stuck forgotten in a closet?
The richest man on the ship, millionaire John Jacob Astor IV (founder of New York’s Waldorf Astoria hotel) went to the same watery grave as the poorest peasant family who had hoped to start a new life in America. As women and children were being loaded onto the few lifeboats first, Astor had asked if he could accompany his 19-year-old new wife Madeleine because she was pregnant and would particularly need care, but he was denied. He was reported by survivors to have calmly stepped back, tossed his gloves to his wife in the boat, lit a cigarette, and watched as she disappeared into the night. Less than two hours later, he was dead. All his millions could not save him.
Really, what have I been doing, paying good folding money to see garbage movies when I could have been spending a night at the Oper for a few Euros?
You both hold a very special place in our hearts and have given us memories,
Have been longing to do a card like this for ages. I wanted it to look like a Postcard and this is what I've done.
I’m sorry to start my blog with such a serious post. If you liked it, I’m sorry, these won’t come too often. I pretty much wrote this entire post with my “sound smart to impress teachers” tone of voice.
the lambswool over
Abolish all of your power
I was grunting and my teeth were clenched. I had my iPod playing with my "power song" but the music didn't even register. I passed Jason and gave him a dismissive wave as I powered to the finish line.
It was huge in its day. Less obviously territorial than the Napoleonic wars, this one seemed a simple matter of standing up to the aggression of Russia, who was trying to wrest control of Jerusalem from the poor little Muslim Turks. When Russia brutally massacred the Turkish fleet at Sinope, the public's sense of chivalry was touched, just as sixty years later it would be moved by the plight of ‘poor little Belgium’. And so the bells rang for war and the ogre of the Russian Bear dominated the newspapers quite as much as ‘Boney’ ever had.
I want to run away. Disappear into the woods like I did that day they brought the burn victim to our house. Go and hunt while my mother and Prim attend to what I have neither the skill nor the courage to face. But there’s no one here but me. I try to capture the calm demeanor my mother assumes when handling particularly bad cases.
Guirguis SS, Pelmear PL, Roy ML, Wong L. Health effects associated with exposure to anaesthetic gases in Ontario hospital personnel. Br J Ind Med 1990; 47: 490-497.
Now, I use caps to show that I hit harder the last time, but it was by no means a hard punch, however, apparently it was hard enough to keep me from getting hit.
I had the pleasure of meeting and chatting to Fi. How lucky am I?! She is totally as lovely as she comes across on My Mummy Daze.
Usually, I would just ditch my board and swim down, but I had an old leash on (another smart move), which could easily snap. The last thing I wanted to do at that point is take the rest of the set on the head without my board.
You'll need a set of Pirelli ice and snow radials mounted, it still felt a touch light and skittish in some provinces for those that find the oem acura integra wheels and therefore, not to mention logically, shares a good or a 6-speed manual gearbox. Few vehicles, irrespective of price tag, supply a mixer more gratifying.
Notice, too, how salvation is a part of this gospel (vv. 1-2), yet it seems more a byproduct than an end goal. The end goal, it becomes clear, is the kingship, first, of Christ and, ultimately, the Creator. This, for Dr. McKnight, is the heart of the matter. Whatever we are to call “the gospel,” it must include this story of Jesus’ death and resurrection, yes, but also his ascension as Lord over the whole earth. We cannot separate the gospel from the story.
Lewis, Tania. 2006. “Seeking health information on the internet: lifestyle choice or bad attack of cyberchondria?” Media, Culture and Society 27 (4), 521-539
Her service was cold and so matter of fact that her death was god's will and that she would be back---even to the stage of telling her young husband not to worry because they would find him a new wife.
She herself knows her own configurations that we don’t understand
And finally, I bought a party hat, cut it out, and used it to make a hat pattern. Then I sandwiched some stiff interfacing in between the layers and sewed this party hat. I didn't do it well, but I learned enough to do it perfectly next time. But since I'm not a huge perfectionist, I'm happy with good-enough version that I already made and Bunny loves!
4. Prepare the crescent dough to make the chicken salad pockets. I do not make the prettiest pockets, but this is how I do it:
Gabriella wore a lemon pettiskirt from Dreamspun Kids (splurge alert!), along with a matching hair clip that I attatched to a white elastic headband. Her camisole onesie is from Janie and Jack, and her sandals are from the Gymboree outlet. Oh and my dress was just on sale at Macy's. :-)
and I hope to see you all again soon.
Because I don’t trust him. We have too many of these phone conversations:
Here is a close-up of one hole. There are larger holes too, which are fox dens. My mom was lucky enough to see a family of baby foxes peeking out of one such den with all their little heads and faces and ears in a row. Our farm is flourishing with wildlife now. The new fencing and pastures are going to cramp the style of some of our furry guests, but I am hopeful we can all share this space without too many problems. I know my horses love watching the busy activity of blue birds, deer, foxes and groundhogs in the fields and woods.
However, unless I work like a mofo, I will never get the fat paychecks that I adore. Paychecks that can buy me some fabulous summer clothes. For when summer actually gets here. In three or four months.
You may wonder how something like the last one could be different, but better. But this woman was amazing. She knew she wasn't going to make it. I never ONCE heard her complain. She cried a lot because she did worry about her husband and boys. But she was at complete peace with whatever God's will was. She would post FB statuses like "Lord, please take away this pain but I am so very blessed regardless". And she meant it! Her name was Angel and I truly wonder if she wasn't really one of those "Angel's in disguise" you can read about in the bible. Anyway, when her husband called me he went on and on about how much Angel thought of me and how much I meant to her. That meant the world to me because my heart is to touch the lives of many, many women. The fact that God allowed me, Kelley McElreath, to take part of some joy in the life of this precious lady amazes me and humbles me.
My little disclaimer here - I'm committing a big movie review faux pax here and letting my fond memories of one movie taint my opinions of the newer one. It's never fair, but with a remake I feel like at least some comparison is in order.
2 pounds store-bought ravioli
I recently read an article that said most Americans believe that marriage is becoming obsolete. Really? Is that what we have become? I have been married for almost 20 years to the same wonderful man that one day I will grow old with and join into our Heavenly Fathers kingdom with. This is the same man who has fathered my 3 sons, stood by me through thick and thin. Seen me at my best and at my worst. Followed me up and down the path of mood swings, migraines and all sorts of other goodies.
4. Conclusion: The Anatomy of the Normative
It is imperative that we treat LGBTQ persons with dignity and respect in all areas of society. We need to ensure that our laws and public agencies do not isolate anyone from fair access to basic rights like housing, healthcare, and employment. I consider myself a strong advocate for the LGBTQ community, and I will continue to work on the issues that affect the gay community in New York City.
(Same as Chorus Chords)
The bus ride into the city was... memorable. There were about 12 of us on the bus, and I would wager that at least 7 were feeling sick. Lo and behold, the sickness erupted into a beautiful scene of people vomiting out the windows. Only two actually did the deed, but I was clutching my Klean Kanteen for dear life, closing my eyes, and taking deep breaths in an attempt to ease my very angry stomach.
(Actually, the artist is quoted to have said he wanted to introduce a dark element to the pure beauty of the near-perfect blooms.)
So many sayings and old quotes tell you that you need to surround yourself with positive people. Perhaps it is not that I am a “psychic sponge” because I am a Pisces, but perhaps most people feel an intense pain when exposed to it. Of course I want to share that, perhaps it will make it easier on them. A retreat from the world does seem like a nice escape to regain some strength and sanity though. I think I will have to try that this weekend.
11/11 New Haven, CT @ Cafe Nine
165Black Melancholy sits, and round her throws
Willow
Without the photograph and the grave marker, seemingly all physical traces of Mildred Packer had now been removed from the town.
Step 3: Now you should have a big loop for you to form your bows. Leave about at least 3-4 inches of your ponytail out for the middle of the bow. The ends of your ponytail will be used for the middle section of the bow.
We have a winnah on the OCL Blog Hop this past weekend! Congratulations to Courtney Johnston who commented "I could definitely use one of those! I LOVE your card! Thanks so much for sharing!"
In regards to the Sacrament of the Sick, the Church does not teach that it is a guaranteed remedy for bodily illness. While it may be God’s will to heal bodily illness through the sacrament on some occasions, it is also a sacrament that heals our spiritual sickness and prepares us for death. It is clearly illustrated in scripture.
“From what I understand, they were innocent men. But the Chinese may well have reacted in a peculiar way that would have seemed suspicious to the British, who were paranoid and ignorant of local ways. The British always had problems with the Chinese community.
Great minds discuss ideas,
It is no secret or news that many people like dog meat (tortoise/snake/porcupine…). My dog-eating-expert said some people enjoy eating the meat while drinking it’s sauce(however that is). Local dogs ‘ekuke’ was the most favoured…’even tastier than foreign breeds’.
Jake talked about his sister. Jake shared that he is the first in his family, at the age of fifteen, to have never smoke or drank or fought or have yet had sex, all things to which Jake assigns much worth. Jake shared that he struggles every day in a world that models, albeit falsely, that hero means doing and being something Jake is not, a world where hero means self-harm.
Someone to be so blatantly positive that you’ll want to shake them silly.
Whether you’re looking for a family outing, a fun activity to enjoy with friends, or even just to relax in the cold water, the Comal River is certainly worth visiting.
So, I have to accept that things are the way they are, I agree with that. Next, I need to accept the things I cannot change. As for the things I can change (it is within my power to send food to people who need it right now), I have to make choices about what I do, what I act on, and how I feel about those things.
Lori has updated her picture trail this past week with many delightfully prim goodies offered for sale. This sampler is one of her latest offerings. CLICK HERE to go see all her beautiful offerings.
In a large mixing bowl, combine the asparagus, reduced cream, and 1 cup of the Parmesan cheese; mix well and place in two individual (approximately 16 ounce) gratin dishes, or other equal-sized ovenproof baking dish. Sprinkle the remaining Parmesan over the tops of the asparagus. In a small mixing bowl, combine the panko bread crumbs and melted butter; sprinkle the bread crumbs on top of the dishes. Place the gratin dishes on a baking sheet, set in the oven, and bake until the asparagus are tender, the sauce is bubbling, and the bread crumbs are golden brown, 6 to 10 minutes. Serve hot.
2003 Massachusetts declares legislature has to enact same-sex marriage (on a side note, between this and Romney’s dealings with the legislature…what the hell kind of constitution do they have in the commonwealth? The balance of powers seems completely out of whack)
-Slow cooker Pork loin & baked candied buttercup squash
The first name springing to mind is Mr Coulson, former editor of the NotW and former Director of Communications for David Cameron.
Step 16: Application of Vitamin E and water-based moisturizer on the face
The kitchen is actually a lot smaller than it looks in the layout, which I’m a little upset about, but being that I lived without a kitchen (college living) for the past four years, I’m really just thrilled to have a kitchen at all!
Not so long ago, he told us that the new party, the Congress of the People, was like poisonous snakes. But he later changed the metaphor to say, in fact, the ANC was the snake.
This will be the first time you have seen this SWALK image it is one of the new release of 12 which will be on sale later this month, more info in the next few days.
Denim blouse:: Thrifted
The group broke up in 1983 before reuniting in the early 1990's in order to record new material and head back out on the road for another series of successful tours.
Those cunning folk use any means
So after the 5lbs I feel like I have gained this week with eating crap and on the go, today's workout I am sure won't feel like the best but I have to get back at it!
Fashion Campus NYC: Programming to expose summer interns to the
So lets see what the weekend brings, and which project lures me in. What do you think of these colours, rather that the pink and green?
People are as readable as books. Those you like the look and feel of, are the ones you can think about approaching later.
I have made this little recipe book packed full of lovely Tilda's and each page has 2 pockets filled with recipe cards. I hand pricked faux stitch lines around the edges of all the recipe cards and each page has hand drawn stitch lines.
The look created here is consistent, deliberate, and carried through the entire space. At the same time, it is unfitted, casual, and fits the lifestyle of the family who lives there. Making this look work is not an easy feat, and its success is due to the trained and talented eye of a designer. The palate of soothing greens and creams is anchored by hits of black, and softened by natural elements. All of the existing appliances and fixtures were maintained (even the countertops are the same!), but somehow it all looks fresh and new, and like it was "planned" to be that way. Brilliant, if you ask me.
Russia is trying hard to strengthen its economy. Industries are being updated so the country can produce goods to sell in other nations. Russian factories make airplanes, ships, trains, and electronic equipment. The country is also a leader in exploring outer space and operates scientific workstations far above the Earth. The Russian space station Mir (which means peace), in orbit above Earth, played an important role in the history of space exploration.
The next time you see a copy of that touching creation, take a second look. Let it be your reminder, if you still need one, that no one – no one – ever makes it alone!
Silhouette machine (or other diecut machine that can cut through fabric)
This poem gives us not only sense of place in the trick of "cove" - but tips a sly wink at Cornish characters that might have lured ships to the rocks in bygone days, without losing the subtle strain. Williamson uses this sea-sound nuance again in "Safe Passage" where he blends sea rhythms and body rhythms together: "...the metronome beating / as the boats rock in counter yaw – curves / carried like your heart pulses under skin..."
4 :: This Mermaid Swim Party came through my blog feed via Kara's Party Ideas. I loved the use of the two fabric patterns on the table. My patterns were much more subtle, so you don't get quite the same look, but I loved it just the same.
As I read the gospels, especially during the events of Holy Week, I find myself trying to identify with the various disciples. Sometimes I well with pride thinking I would behave like John who stayed at the foot of the cross up until the very end, even committing to take care of the Savior’s mother. Other times, I can relate to Peter who was boastful about his commitment only to find himself hovering outside the courtyard telling others adamantly that he was NOT one of Jesus’ followers. Or maybe I’m one of the other unnamed disciples whose actions are not recorded in the pages of Scripture. Unlike Peter who was still hanging around, were these guys all waiting in the shadows to watch their Teacher’s fate from a “safe” distance? Or did they just know this was the end and unless they wanted it to be the end for them, too, they had better go find a safe place to hide? Perhaps that same upper room where they had shared the last supper and Jesus had given his final example of instruction by washing their feet? And then there is Judas. Here is today’s text from Mark 14:12-25.
As the leader of the war on powder, Mally is issuing a battle cry, encouraging women to take a pledge to “Fight the Powder.” I ask you to share the love with me and join the crusade against translucent powder. Beginning early May, we can “Fight The Powder” pledge on Mally Beauty’s Facebook page together.
Not for me the ones whose rippling six packs are described in loving detail by their over-heated authors (always female) who are as smitten by their own heroes as ever plain and dumpy Dorothy Sayers was bowled over by her pale blond Lord Peter.
*Please link back to Kitchen Fun With My 3 Sons. Please put a link somewhere on your post or sidebar. You can grab our party button or a text link is fine if that fits better.
The husband had to get up early this morning for the audit (I get to stay home and avoid the mess since I just work in the office, hehe). When I came down to the kitchen this morning, I was greeted by a cute little pink flower in a tiny little vase sitting on the windowsill…Husband picked it for me and put it there before he left–he’s a keeper, that one.
1 qt chicken stock (or vegetable stock or beef broth)
Well friends, tonight I head in to be induced for baby #2. It has been a long pregnancy, and I am so excited to meet this little one.
Voice notes, give you guidelines on what to tell the audience beforehand, you can also get extra marks for voice notes <U+F04A>! I think presenting mind maps with key points, is a good way of presenting. As you can elaborate on certain things, while avoiding reading from the board in a monotonous drawl…not exciting!
Ripped from a 12" vinyl single released on Arista Records (CLIP 121) in 1981 to high quality lossless FLAC audio.
Welcome back from Susan Marlowe CPA! I have survived the great snow storm in Tehachapi! Tons of snow over the weekend and now the first day of spring is absolutely lovely. Go figure.
*“The Christmas Guest”
This makes so much more sense now than it did before. The difference is in the use of the word prudence, rather than fairness, which was the original. A subtle difference, but it really makes a big difference to me, as to my effectiveness.
If your a mom of girls, you know how important tights are. On church days, tights are a staple in our house. We usually wear them from October through April. Recently I was looking to update out stash, so I headed over to Ebay to see what I could find. I was very surprised how much used tights were selling for. I often find tights in the Goodwill bin and usually can get them at garage sales around .25. In the past, I have passed up sizes that weren't ours, but I think it's time to start a new collection.
As it turns out, this was near the time that I started blogging too.
Expectations.
To chew, just tear up the leaves and stick them in your cheek, where they will stay for the next several hours.
one beer
I am still trying to figure out what all is going on and if I like it or if I love it. With the 7.8% ABV, and after a 22 oz bomber, you'll know you've had something quite unique.
We see some unevenness when we turn our attention to the Introverted judging set. While not uncommon, Introverted Thinking is significantly rarer than all of the other four supporting functions. Speculating quite freely, I would suggest that an Introverted Thinker can detach themselves from communal consensus more easily than their Feeling cohort and willfully refuse to return to it. That makes the types contribution to the community less constant, making its appearance somewhat less often selected. Concerned primarily with conceptual relations, they can be quite critical of communal notions in conflict with their own without being concerned with the community’s response.
#1. Birchbox Gift subscription
How did he do you wonder? In six weeks he lost 15 pounds and in three months he lost a total of 36 pounds. His cholesterol was normal, blood sugar normal, weight normal, sleep apnea gone – his diseases reversed by just making healthier dietary choices with the encouragement from and under the supervision of his physician. His body had begun the self-healing process, and he no longer had to get started on medications. With the weight loss, his knees no longer hurt, and he was able to resume running – something he hadn’t done for some time.
So it’s already November that’s really crazy. It’s been over a year since
Ok, so I am thinking the Saison II would be a great yeast for the petite saison, sans bugs, and the Ardennes/Frensh Saison strains would probably lend itself well to the bugs. However, I'm not really sure what bugs would be best used in each batch and with what yeasts. From my reading I know many old style saisons did develop brett and/or lacto character from extended aging and that is something I would definitely like to try to replicate.
watermelon, strawberry, apple & mint salad – 13
timbursch Also, some B2B communities that we manage engage 9AM, 12PM, and 4-5PM, checking networks= new smoke break
At the prep day for Culture Hack East we talked about gathering and preparing data for a 36 hour weekend hackathon. The aim is to take data from each of the participating groups and turn it in to useful or interesting working applications, either as a prototype for a future app, or just because it’s cool.
The larger version of the classic Trocadero , ideally suited to busy days. The crisp, squared shape is detailed with natural cowhide piping and corners, an outside pocket, and a long shoulder/cross-body strap.
He Loves it.
What a view!
“Tunku Abdul Rahman was the beginner… who started things.
There are several reasons why I'm stepping back now--let's call it an indefinite hiatus--and chief among them are that I'm trying to explore more interests for which I've not made enough time over the last few years. I used to hike to the top of a mountain every week or two, but I haven't done that in a few years now. I used to travel a lot more, and I always wished that I could chronicle those travels better than just writing Yelp reviews of the places where we ate. I just happened to find a perfectly functional Polaroid SX-70 at an estate sale, so now I'm excited to get started on doing that. ALSO...I'd like to have a band that lasts longer than 1-2 shows or 7-8 practices...maybe record something! Make a record? Perhaps start a label? Not sure about that last part, but we'll see where this life-after-KDVS goes. There's also the friends and family who I didn't get to see often enough because I spent two nights per week at KDVS (one to do the show, another to train the next generation of new DJs). I definitely wanna spend more time with them, too.
Therapeutics Development 9
I did want to pass a long a quick update on a few this and ask for prayer requests just to let you know where I am at.
Added a choker with a pearl.
But shadows of the dead are stalking Saba.
Must be able to work under pressure and stress and must be able to meet daily deadlines. Must possess a valid State Driver’s License (or be able to get one). Must have working knowledge of digital video photography and non-linear editing. Working knowledge of Final Cut Pro is a big plus.
Line the bottom of your serving container with the crust. If I was serving at home, I'd use a pretty cocktail glass, but if I'm taking it to a party, I'd use clean plastic cups. Press the crust into the bottom of the container with a spoon (for stemware) or by using the bottom of another plastic cup (disposable cups). Fill each container with about 1/3-1/2 cup of the whipped cream mixture, and top with berries. The berries should be whole fruit, fresh or thawed from previously frozen. Spoon beer sauce over the top of the fruit and serve.
I was talking to a friend today about my newest interest in blogging, and she made mention of my lengthy posts. “I see how long it is, and I just have to say “sorry”, it’s too long to read!” I realize that there are many valid reasons for why people choose to read some things and not others, and that not everyone can take the time to read a personal blog. But it got me thinking: we live in a fast food/fast fix society, and most of the time, we are not afforded the luxury of slowing down our busy schedules enough to read anything more than a headline, synopsis or summary. We want the bottom line, not the explanation.
signatory member of the World Trade Organization (WTO) and agreed to grant patent protection for pharmaceutical products more as a compulsion under TRIPS agreement. India further being a developing country got 10-years transition period to implement patent protection for drug products but at the same time had obligation to
Judge Daniel Mabley’s rulings and motions before Amy Senser’s trial begins next week:
Remember readers, my most important rule is to...
“If you look at what happened during the whole period of slavery it was a kind of genocide – when the ships were coming over and there was a problem they’d rather throw the slaves overboard than the cargo. “Nobody knows how many slaves there were and how many died – the atrocity is just unimaginable.”
50. In the 20 years between 1975 and 1995 more than 500,000 square kilometers of Amazonian rain forest was leveled to make room for coffee plantations, in Brazil alone!
It has adorable cap sleeves but the weather has been ridiculous here, so I had to wear a sweater to keep from freezing.
I spent 4 hours
But it was so worth it…
Due Date: Friday, April 20th at 11:59PM PDT
This is the setting in which an establishment high on the ‘development’ narcotic and tantalized by the apsara of growth rate has decided to commit India to building no less than 30 new nuclear reactors in the next 20 years.
They know that people are tuning into their series because of breasts and they go for it, all the way, in the second episode, called "Yokai: Big Breasts". There is no way to dance around it, its an episode about boobs. The episode starts out with a male teen looking at an adult (non-nude) magazine featuring big-breasted women. One of his male teachers catches him with the magazine, takes it away from him, then runs off to look at it himself.
The college was then ordered, by Elizabeth’s Privy Council, to hand over the MA because ‘it was not her Majesties pleasure that anie one emploied as he had been in matters touching the benefit of his Countrie should be defamed by those that are ignorant in th’ affaires he went about.’
In all that excitement, I forgot to breath.
On our summer trip to the US, we tried loads of beers from Delaware-based brewer Dogfish Head, one of the drivers of America’s great craft beer renaissance. There were super-hop IPAs like Dogfish Head Squall IPA and Dogfish Head 60-minute IPA; stranger offerings, like the historic beers, Theobroma and Midas Touch; and, of course, the astounding Bitches Brew.
Last year I was overall really happy with how my hair turned out because it was the first year that I set my hair the entire weekend. We arrived on wednesday so I was able to set my hair properly and wore that same set until friday night. Yes, I was that crazy girl that washed and set her hair at 6 am friday night/saturday morning. All I wanted to do was pass out, but it saved a lot headaches for the rest of the trip. Basically though, I wore the same 2 sets the whole weekend:
Those Darlins
Oh, he could be charming. Lord knows he was handsome. His body was lean and hard, like a runner’s. Sandy hair, a perpetual tan and a smile made for toothpaste commercials; he knew how to make every woman he met feel like they were the only one in the world when they were in his company.
NYLA FOUND: OMW hears out of South Marginal that an apparently well-liked former presence on WJW's "Fox 8 News in the Morning" has a broadcast home.
My third oldest will be graduating from high school in 2012. She is currently working at McDonald's as a crew trainer.
*2 teaspoons grated ginger
catch his turn of phrase or tone of voice
to help educate families,
This week, I will feature both so you can understand why these two companies, make our cut. For Root it is quality, variety and value for me!
Prepares Your will for me
Guy Fawkes, Guy Fawkes, t'was his intent
This young gull (his plumage still changing from juvenile to adult) had chosen a different strategy and was strutting his stuff on a wall, hoping to make an individual appeal to passers-by, many of whom had called in at the fish & chip shop and therefore possibly had titbits to share.
Scary, indeed.
It will be worth all the trouble, I know. But from right here and right now it seems like a long way off.
Even if we were able to spare enough to give something to one family, what about the next … and the one after that …?
Violet is thought to provoke harmony of the mind and emotions. It is also thought to encourage creativity, unique and individual.
I have added a new page On My Cookbook Shelf, sharing the food & cookery books I love, and why. It was a tweet from the lovely Millie Mirepoix asking about cookbook recommendations that got me thinking. All day, when I should have been thinking about spreadsheets & Trust accounts..........mmmmmm.
thank you, friend
*A blog and reviews are not necessary to participate. If you have a blog, then please post a challenge sign up and link THAT post (not your home page) into the linky on the page linked above. Non-bloggers, please leave a comment declaring your challenge level.
Sam and I quietly got ready and woke up Caleb up. He's our eleven year old, and he is the family "worrier." I shouldn't say that- he is a nurturer. He has gone in with Lily for all of her shots, and if she is upset or sick, Caleb tries to take over mothering her. He is going to make a great daddy some day- he has the same compassionate, affectionate, protective personality his dad does. So when he asked me...begged me...last night to go in with us this morning, I could not resist :)
Mojitos
Here are a few pictures for your viewing pleasure....
6.) I am afraid of closing my eyes when I am taking a bath. I make sure that the soap doesn’t go to my face, or if it does I rise it off quickly. I have an irrational fear that when I close my eyes too long, and then I open them, a monster will materialize inches away from my face.
In the time of only three days, we had created a machine that spread across all the walls of ArtPlay, using chain reactions and quirky triggers. With golf balls, boots, tyres and vacuum cleaners, we set of a complete and utter wacky mechanism that self-produced its own circuit of wonder.
Corporate monopolies are not the enemies of the Empire of Poverty, though its functionaries and propagandists spend a great deal of time insisting that this is the case. But that is because the Empire needs enemies and scapegoats. Yet the Empire has drawn the bulk of its support from the ranks of the very organizations that it condemns. The growth of unsustainable corporations and governments have come side by side, both engaging in unworkable practices, as its officers move back and forth from boardrooms to cabinet meetings.
You can set a photo as your background, or choose from a multitude of gorgeous backgrounds, from fun and colorful to texturally intriguing.
An unfinished essay or a join of the dots?
LOCATION: Springton Manor Farm in Glenmoore, PA
Blog post by Ihotu Joy Amuta
Happy Scrappin'!
soaking lit, spark wet prizes
#7...your top 5 things you cannot leave the house without.
Ask as many people as possible for directions to the heart of the city. Keep asking...
My girls could not get enough of this game. Even my son, who has most of his math facts completely memorized enjoyed playing the game and seeing what quest he would be going on. I cannot think of a more fun way to practice math facts.
The words flowed as easily unto the page as the water into the bath. By the time the bath was filled, Suzanne had finished writing her poem. She titled it ‘The Preparation’.
My big weekend project is to install a shower curtain rod. There was nothing wrong with our old rod. It's served us well for the 13+ years we've lived in our home. But my wife, in her infinite-wifedom decided we needed a nice shower bar, one that curves outward. As Sgt. Bilko would say, "It has sweep."
Could his audience comprehend that? For that matter, can you? I understand that many today are much like Festus as recorded in Acts 26:24. “And as he thus spake for himself, Festus said with a loud voice, Paul, thou art beside thyself; much learning hath made thee mad.”
On this pic, you can see the version where we allready had cut the flap - simply cut of everything from the last third that isn´t supposed to become the flap - does this make sense? I´m not sure ;) Basically, you leave the back from the container intact, but cut off the rest. During this process, I like to round the edges, but that´s optional. Whatever floats your boat.
Petrol bomb A very basic explosive device. Petrol is gas.
One of Pari's friend was supposed to come over for dinner but she bailed out at the last minute. I was in charge of cooking while Pari was at work. I opted to make falafel. Sometimes it is difficult to cook in a new kitchen, with someones else cookware, and in a country where the items seem slightly different. As I tried to fry the falafel, the oil started to smoke and fulled the entire house! Hocine came running into the kitchen asking what was going on. We had to open all the windows and I was shut in the kitchen to fix the disaster. I quickly got it under control and finished the falafel. It did not hold together wonderfully but it tasted great. I even whipped up a little cucumber sauce to have on the top.
There’s something about home and human that cannot be separated– all humans seek home. And when that’s no longer possible? Read on– I asked my master, and he answered in verse:
There is a lot too this whole thought process of David saying positive things about Saul. Imagine David not saying anything bad about Saul after everything, the running for is life for over 10 years. How can he do this? David seems to have already dealt with Saul’s sins against him by forgiving him. This is what seems to have freed Joseph to deal kindly with his brothers, in spite of their wicked actions toward him. I believe David has forgiven Saul, therefore he has no bitterness to suppress or to vent. It is a sad thing to harbor bitterness, because of the harm that it does to us. David does not have to dredge up the past because he keeps short accounts. Do you keep short accounts with people or are you living in bitterness? Bitterness is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die. Bitterness harms you!
I remember the first time I herd of Equal Money. I was in the Kitchen on the Desteni Farm and it was Bernard who mentioned the point to me. I had initially gone for a visit to the Desteni Farm based on the Material I had researched and the interactions I had with those involved with Desteni at the time. I understood that I was getting acquainted with a “life changing” process, though this process of change was not yet mentioned at all within the context of an Equal Money System. I was there on the farm interested in learning more about myself and how to “change” and to learn more about this process of equality and realizing ourselves as life.
Hodad's is one of those secrets that you wish nobody else knew about, but since Guy Fieri blew their cover on his Food Network show "The Best Thing I Ever Ate," I figured I had the go ahead. I mean, the line to get in stretches around the block most days.
It also doesn’t help that we have a dog who loves to hide in random places (and is a tick magnet despite getting rigorous tick control).
Russell Javors – electric and acoustic guitars
Appearance (0-3): Cloudy amber with a dense off-white head. 2 points.
even when I succumb to death, my spirit never ceases;
he disappeared
HOPE YOU ENJOY!!
It’s been a great day over here at chasing mailboxes. First, yesterday’s post about Capital Bikeshare was featured on DCBlogs. Second, I learned that I have a collaborator on my rapidly unfolding cupcaking commuting research project.
Isn’t it evocative and foreboding? The story of young Henning and his family also tells the story of the growth of Stockholm. This is the first book in a series of five books that follow the family from 186o until 1968. This first book covers the period from 1860 until 1880 and is very much the story of the horrors of the industrial revolution. How the poor were used. And how this impacts on the individual. Young Henning has no family and at first no friends. He also has no education and no contacts. This means that he ends up with the hardest jobs there are. However the book also shows the love and friendship that grows even in the at first bleak life of the rented bed and work in the harbour. Somehow it is incredibly beautiful. And the end makes me cry every time.
Nothing Sacred (US…William A.Wellman)
I'm not here to cause offence, but to you I am, so please do take it the wrong way and know it’s an original broadcast and all fucking mine.
<U+FEFF> An April 28 Wall Street Journal editorial, “The Growth Deficit”, took note of the fact that “The weakest recovery on record continued in 2012’s first quarter, with the Commerce Department’s Friday report of 2.2% growth.” Despite the official government view that the recession officially ended in 2009, the “quarterly growth has average 2.4%, That’s slower growth than in every modern expansion, and about half the growth rate of all recoveries since World War Two, according to Congress’s Joint Economic Committee.”
there has only been one set of footprints in the sand.
Those get lost and people can’t find you again. A quick pitch in the blog comments is OK with me—as long as it’s on-topic—but be careful because not all bloggers feel the same way. To me it shows you read the blog and engage with other readers, so a dynamite (short) comment pitch might get a request for more info.
Have a Bunnytastic Easter
Ben sees a man, who he recognizes as Derek from the focus group and discovers that Leslie sent him an invitation. He’s not happy, but Leslie is determined to make Derek like her by the end of the night. She asks if he wants to be “bowl buddies” and he accepts. Ben wants to call off the whole deal right away and tells Leslie there will always be that one person who doesn’t like her, so she should concentrate on mingling with other people. She’s not having any of it, and she’s off to bowl with Derek.
So we have chocolate, cake and music in this card plus some very happy looking mice I think that sounds like a fun party don't you?
In actual fact, the instruction to return to more literal translations of the term pro multis used in the Latin edition of the Roman Missal - in accordance, on this point, with the majority of anaphoras used in the Eastern Churches – cannot be written off as a literalism or liturgical fixity. And it does not intend in itself to reduce the universal reach of Christ’s promises. Already the letter signed in 2006 by Cardinal Arinze categorically denied the insinuations of those who in recent years have actually raised doubts regarding the validity of masses celebrated using the for all formula. According to the Nigerian cardinal, the expression for many is to be preferred because “it is open to the inclusion of every single human being , whilst at the same time reflecting the fact that this salvation is not complete in an almost mechanic way, without one’s own will or participation.”
I actually had a chance to squeeze in a few minutes of scrapping today and FINALLY finished a baby LO of Scott that I've been picking at for the whole week! I had done a cute baby LO of Chelsea a couple of weeks ago using G45's Little Darlings pps...remember this one?
-chili powder
1. (Intercourse) you.
Where have all the parents gone, long time passing?
Moderator: Yuping Mao (University of Alberta)
Seré Prince Halverson
Uncle Dick is feeling sick, he’s running for the loo
The KwaZulu/Natal province of South Africa is internationally renowned for its colourful Zulu bead work. Traditional color combinations and patterns can still be found, but modern Zulu bead work is evolving towards more contemporary styles. More than simply decorative weavings of intricate bead patterns, the bead work has often been used as a means of communication between genders, conveying messages of both courtship and warnings.
For most of my life growing up in their home, I was thin. “Too skinny” was how they would describe me. I hated being told that day after day. But I guess they worried I would melt away and then be gone. After I left the house it was “Did you lose weight?” or “You look pale” or “Are you eating”, etc. Well, it hasn’t stopped. I am still hearing “You look pale”, “Is everything alright, you look tired?” “Your hair is long, are you going to keep it that way?”
“The branding room is over there.”
George Duke – synthesizer, keyboards
We are used to hearing such Stalinist rhetoric from our Fabian politicians and media. What is alarming is to hear such nonsense from the Truth Movement. Freedom with qualifications as to what can be discussed, is not freedom, but disguised tyranny. Yes the woman in the video may be professing views which serve the Zionist agenda, but she has every right to say what she likes. Her argument can be countered and debated, but to label her as persona non grata - a Breivik, terrorist etc - only legitimises the culture of censorship which our would-be rulers are fomenting.
40 Kensington Gardens
“That’s the only thing,” I vented to one of my co-workers I used to work with when I used to work nights before my superiors had transferred me to a Per Diem position, “My process would take a very long time. Only God knows when it even starts…But I’m not going to quit!” I whispered.
The team challenges you to create a card or project using Our Daily Bread Designs Stamps, that is it!!!! Have fun!!!
My star, Calypso
13-American Leather
As a result of being toadied to like this, Caligula got careless. He allowed himself to be separated from his German goon squad and was hacked to death outside the amphitheatre.
Yes, our life will change.
So that's what's going on around here. That and early planting. We have our onions and potatoes in the ground. Oh and wild fires. I'm holding my breath until we get some rain. We are surrounded by cedar trees. Dirk has our 6 acres cleared back and he burned some in the winter, but the other 40 acres that engulf ours are just littered with cedars. And if those things catch fire, it's like a bunch of small explosions. Ugh. Put your lighters away people!!!
When the servant of the man of God got up and went out early the next morning, an army with horses and chariots had surrounded the city. “Oh, my lord, what shall we do?” the servant asked.
so as to keep
4. Started a small (yet modestly successful) business designing and making jewelry.
But then when you look at a metric like the S & P 500 it's at levels not seen since the financial crisis hit.
I have been watching Riley and Rosie's interactions closely, and I'm coming to think that his growls are, for the most part, growls to keep her in line, not growls that might turn into an attack. They are playing more. He goes into the play bow with her a couple of times a day now. And you know what? I think that my boy has been lonely. Other than the occasional Patches visit, he has not had anyone to play with for quite some time; Boscoe was not much for playing the last few years.
Shoes: Vintage Photo, Black Soot
Displaying her colorful patterns.
Watermelon Margarita's
Alex and Rose are very much alike in so many ways. They're both kick-ass, stubborn, snarky, and cannot be contained. They act before they think, and that usually get them into trouble. They will do anything and everything to protect the one they love. Aiden St. Delphi is like Dimitri Belikov. Both are drop-dead gorgeous, hot and drooling... and they're the girls' mentors too. Rose has Mason, Alex has Caleb, and nemesis are ever present: Lea and Mia--both are bitches. When I think about the Pure, Half-Blood and Daimon, I remember the Moroi, Dhampir and Strigoi.
Off days I was doing precor elliptical for 30-45 min plus my daily weight training
5. PA Rt. 22 from Lewistown to Mundy's Corner, then down to Johnstown on Rt. 271. Long runs along the ridges, and a few roller-coaster rides over them. Too bad Johnstown Brewing closed, it was a nice bookend to this trip.
However, he still was not convinced that black and white could live harmoniously, and planned to have freed slaves colonized either in Africa or Cuba. However, his views were changed once again by the bravery of those men of color who chose to fight for their own freedom. After the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, the first regiment of black troops to fight in the war, showed courage in the face of fire at Battery Wagner in South Carolina, nearly 200,000 African Americans would sign up in order to fight for their own freedom. After this, the colonization idea was scrapped, and Lincoln credited the men of color with helping to turn the tide of the Civil War.
Scenes from the Fair...
Anyway, some news. I got my first assignment back, on Ibrahim as an Early Monotheist, which gave me an A (yeah!), and recommendations for improvements, such as explaining why the differences I found are there. I might attempt to incorporate that, but I still wanted to share the done assignment with you, which you can find on the right side on the main page, in the Box-widget. Yes, that’s another new thing, where you from now on will be able to find the various articles I might write, as well as my done assignments, as soon as they are available.
Mission Street music funneled transient
Arkansas to sing theirs,
Do not fear what you do not know.
1. Defensive war
Attend research meetings.
Do – look for a chapel, not to pray, to sleep. The chapel was the only place in my terminal that had chairs with no armrests. It also had a door that closed, was warm, and didn’t play the annoying security update message over and over again. When I got to the chapel I was the only one there, but by the time I woke up there were five of us in there. Which leads me to my next point….
The game is totally FREE, but is supported with ads, which I must say are placed in the perfect spot to maximize potential clicks. BUT, since no one likes ads, purchasing any of the game upgrades (coming out soon) will automatically remove them. That’s big love.
Doug and his beautiful brood, finally feltified and embroideried. (Yes, I enjoy making up words as much as I enjoy making things with felt!)
Blown away by Arjun Kapoor & @ParineetiChopra just saw da promo of Issakzade – way to go guys-
140. “If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito.” – Betty Reese
ever
In the last 10 years, Depp has done nine films where his character was dressed, and made up. His next two films require the same, this is just a pet peeve of mine, simply because I want to see him act as a “normal” character.
And start accepting it’s every creature;
As for the Palestinians, they are a diplomatic sideshow propped up by the United Nations, self-proclaimed permanent victims. It tells you everything you need to know about the Palestinians that they are the oldest existing “refugee” group in the world! Israel has done what any sane nation would do. It built a huge wall to keep them penned up in Gaza, controls the West Bank, and maintains a strong defense on their northern borders with Lebanon and Syria.
This advert, however, is nothing but senseless and lazy. It ‘stars’ Coco. I don’t know her either, click on her name for the Wikipedia page. She’s shooting guns (in slo-motion, naturally) and showing off her arse a whole lot.
I did find out while I was visiting the Mobily booth at an electronics exhibition recently (from a guy who probably shouldn't have told me this): Mobily has a 5-tiered system for responding to calls on 1100. It starts with their VIP customers, works down to "post-paid" phone customers and finally dead ends at the "pre-paid" customer level. That's me. I buy pre-paid cards worth 60 riyals every month or so. You'd think these would be among their most valued customers.
Here it is, on the day we were given it, Games Day, ’07. (The actual anniversary was three or four days later.) There never has been such an assembly, or such a day. My husband’s sister, who died a year ago, is the figure in prophetic black towards the right. I am holding the Glenisla Shield, which I won for Sam the Ram.
Hang on! Why does everything have to be so serious when I write? I don’t want big words – most of the people I know don’t need big words!!! Even if I try it for just one minute, just ten lines....I feel false!
A Call for Evidence and Rights
Well I am off as I have a lot to get done before the kids get up for school. I also have a big meeting at school today for Jazmine and her progress she has made. I the meeting will be her regular teacher, extra reading teacher, Guidance Counselor, School Psychologist, Special Education teacher and the Principal along with her Dad and I. I am hoping this will be a good meeting and that she has made a huge progress in her learning. But I still fight with her ADHD daily as she is not on any meds. to help control it.
“We would like to thank Strathclyde Police for its continued assistance and co-operation. Matches will be played at Ibrox for the rest of the season so we urge all fans to keep coming along and continue their tremendous support for the Club at this difficult time.”
anyway, i just had to vent.
Is an app that steers people away from high crime areas by using crime statistics a good thing? One might think, yes, that would keep people safe. On the other hand, depending on which crime statistics the app uses, it could also generate routes that tend to avoid neighborhoods where people of color reside. In that case does the phone reinforce stereotypes or simply reflect reality? Moreover, as Mary Mitchell for The Chicago Sun Times writes is the use of the word “ghetto” in naming the app a reflection of bias.
It was a hot afternoon and we started at 1.15, maybe not the best time to start a race. I started off at what I thought was a steady pace, but found myself near the front of the field. I checked my Garmin and I was under 10 minute mile pace, but not going daft, so I carried on. Apart from having to slow to sort out my iPod which had stuck on an album instead of shuffling through my running songs, I ran fairly steadily for the first couple of miles. I found it hard to drink and run, perhaps having got used to only drinking on my walk intervals, and drinking was very necessary in the heat. My stats show that my walk breaks were very short until the last mile when I was starting to get tired.
Should have updated ages ago. After this weekend’s outburst of posting I’ve been kind of exhausted from writing and thinking. Not to mention feeling. I feel better now. Have cleared most of the issues bothering me lately. Decided that there is very little I can do about anything so I will let it all be and get on with my life.
The neck of the cavalry-man with the bullet through and through I
I added the emphasis of the last sentence.
Read and annotate chapters 5-6 of The Bean Trees.
Easy fix!
But Jackie is leaving us with her choice of challenge for you which is....
NEW DELHI: A large group of BJP Mahila Morcha activists protesting Arundhati Roy’s recent remarks on Kashmir broke into the compound of the writer’s residence here on Sunday.
Yeah, that place where broken hearts dwell,
With some luck, a few thousand teachers will show up. With greater luck, a few thousand other people, concerned parents, perhaps, will join them.
Hope those of you at CHA are having a ball
Called the Land of Hatchy Milatchy
As far as the story goes, yet again we have a whiny main character. The young girl was based on a girl I went to high school with and who I had recently at that stage caught up with again after many years. In high school she was always pretty needy, and so I made her a bit younger and turned her into the young girl. The bad guy is just a 2-dimensional Loki-type character. But, if you ignore the characterisations, the story itself actually reads as something unique. I think the descriptions of the magic battles work okay, though I should have chosen a better arena than roof-tops at one stage. The metaphysical stuff even reads okay. Just a shame the characters are not real interesting, and that ever-present ellipsis dominates the punctuation.
Postoffice window, a hove of private boxes,
Rating: PG-13 For violence and terror, some sexual material, brief language and drug references
I like to add the largest flowers next and slowly move to the smaller flowers.
Kerry, as always, thanks for the non-Cards cards.
It all started with the images which had a purplish hue to them. After some inking and distressing, I stitched them onto contrasting mats. And then, it's just a matter of selecting matching papers and embellies.
Simon and Donna Beckmann (Founders of Joya: arte + ecología. Spain)
You have a county agency up there that has been under fire for a good while now for things completely unrelated to this particular case, and even more under the microscope this past week because of this case – and somebody makes a boneheaded move like that last night?
You might consider checking out "The Mistress of Atlantis," an undeservedly obscure movie that is not as wild as "Hercules and the Captive Women," but which is a fascinating early fantasy film nonetheless. Click here to read my review at Shades of Gray.
'Try it,' said he man.
First separate the eggs.
Then I have another dream where we’re hanging out in the afternoon getting lunch or something.
I used two colors, China Glaze’s “Dance Baby” and a black color from Savvy (it doesn’t have a name…name it yourself if you want).
If you’ve read any of my other blog entry you know exercise is the other point of the weight loss pyramid (the last being mental well-being). Exercise helps to keep your blood vessels supple and flexible. It may also help to reduce the amount of cholesterol in your blood stream. Shoot for at least 30 minutes a day most days of the week to help reduce your risk of heart disease.
I cannot imagine the tears you must have shed
1/2 c. butter or margarine, melted
4. Grab a paper sack (like from Fred Meyer) and set it aside. Remove all of the plantains once they’re golden back into that empty bowl they were previously in. Here goes the actualtostonprocess. Place the hottostonbetween the folder sack and press it (smash it). Immediatley place it in the garlicky water. About three will fit at a time in the garlickly water.
Another very technical solution, hot glue!
The below words are words that are taken from Timothy M. Warner's book, 'Spiritual Warfare.' In the coming weeks I hope to share with you all my take on Spiritual Warfare as it certainly pertains to my life and how I see it affecting things around me.
Morello: So give it a fancy name or something. Talk about cool glass cannon builds and call it “burst survivability.”
So, yesterday was peace.
I say, "Bwaaaahahahaha!" again, like a fifth grader, and then I add, "Bwaaaahahahaha! Seriously, Doc, that is so a blog post."
Group Team Dynamics: Understanding the Overt and Covert Dynamics That Support Effective Work is a Post Graduate course description which gives an idea how detailed a subject Group Dynamics is, and an insight into how much an individual could potential be trained in it (even just at a Post Grad level)
27. “If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten.” -Tony Robbins
To not do so would have been to dishonor the One who created me to write.
First class
For the rest of the 19th century the British used its navy to prosecute the war against slavery. Individuals like David Livingstone dedicated their life to end the continuing slave trade continued by Africans and Arabs.
'The Red Shoes' is dedicated). And it's the real Lily who
Saturday, October 30, 5pm - Midnight
attention from the wanton looting of
After the creamed corn high, the only direction available to us is back down hill again. If only dessert these days was as good as the Goat Cheesecake nirvana of yore. We order a pavolova that comes with meringue so rock solid and hard we would have been better off with pneumatic drill than a spoon. Pavlova is a dessert inspired by a ballerina. It goes without saying it should be lighter than air. The accompanying fruits including a stunning combination of the freshest cherries and nuttiest of almonds surrounded by smooth whipped cream are deliriously good. He knows how to source his ingredients, that's for sure. They could have stood up perfectly well by themselves, as a dessert in their own right, without some sugary over-cooked egg white as a prop.
The various reports are an attempt to cover up the cover-up. They know exactly what the undercover officers did. Bernard Hogan-Howe's report could, I suppose, try to use the excuse that it didn't look into its subject at all before coming to a conclusion and making recommendations. Hardly tenable from the new chief of the country's largest force.
My brother died when he was 19, so what was the point in planning past that age? A person could die any day. Instead of focusing on my future, I thrived in the moment – partying my pretty little face off and giving little thought to my education or financial future. I was there for a good time.
The Spirit of prophecy
FENNEL POLLEN DUSTED MUSCOVY DUCK BREAST – 36.00
If one baby was born to MLA, another to an auto driver, another to a professor, another to a prostitute, another to an engineer, another to a doctor, yet another to a butcher, another to an army major, another to a police chief, yet another to a priest and so on and so forth then the development and evolution of these babies (male of female) will predominantly depend on the socio-economic-cultural backgrounds in to which they are born and in which they are raised. In general an MLA son will end up as an MLA and so on and so forth. The only thing that can change this process is if the child decides to pursue a particular path of his liking and puts his whole hearted efforts. For example say the auto rickshaw driver son want to become IAS and pursues in that line and becomes an IAS officer then that will be exception (with or with out the support of parents). Here the FREE WILL of the individual that takes him on the path of his development. Every individual is born with a will, free will to pursue what ever he wants to pursue but this will is constrained by the family in to which he was born and this choice of family is also predefined by the one who is taking birth. By such birth only the jiva the soul will complete the karma and its effects according to the theory of reincarnation. Often the destiny of children is shaped by parents will or social will that is reinforced on him. The natal charts indicate tendencies of the individual along with actionable thought processes. If the parents were sympathetic to these actionable thought process then the individual becomes what ever he wanted to become (good or bad). If not conflict results and in many cases negative actionable thought processes will be reinforced. By understanding the negative socially unacceptable actionable thought process we can reduce them. As we cannot read the thoughts there should be a way/indicators to point in the general direction of such thought process. It is like searching for the clues for the next kill of the serial killer what ever helps should be used.
Maybe that's why workout is called work OUT, maybe it's meant to be done outdoors. :P When I work out in the gym I feel like air is gonna run out like there isn't enough oxygen in the room. When we worked out at Terra 28, I experienced how it feels like to breathe in an unlimited supply of air with less sweat vapors in it. :P
Everyone brought summertime brews to share, from home brew to special finds. I think my top favorites were the Belgian Cherry that Average Jane brought, the Founder's Scottish Ale brought by Tim, and the IPA brewed by Amy & her husband. Good stuff!
Back to the Future Club
I think we can all agree that the lesson here is never question Paul Hollywood! (And never question Mary Berry going without saying!).
Sara’s List
Like the butterfly, there is a letting go that happens for us when we agree to break free from our chrysalis or cocoon. It is a life stage where we transform our old self into something more expanded. The chrysalis is an important part of us, but we cannot stay there, just like we cannot stay in the past. While it can be very scary to burst from the chrysalis when the future is unknown it is the only way to move forward.
It’s not just about making a few friends in the tech sector, says Harris; networking is especially important in what she calls “the frenetic startup culture,” where happy hours are often where an entrepreneur can meet her angel investor.
The bread that I will give
It is possible for an author to have a character’s behavior change significantly, or have some new and very different-from-the-norm trait appear, without explaining it or setting the context for it before or at the moment of change, but if he does, he’s asking the reader to trust that all will be made clear in good time. That’s fine, so long as he keeps that implicit promise.
Then, Leo dropped the final bombshell. According to Leo, There is proof of Mildred Packer’s Ghost and I could see it for myself!! There is a single photograph of Mildred Packer, taken after her death, in existence and in full public view. The “public” just doesn’t know about the full extent of what they are looking at. The locals all know of the photo of Mildred Packer but according to Leo, he is the only one willing to talk about it. I asked Leo why he had told me all of these secret town stories and he said that he was simply getting old and that some stories were too good to go untold. According to Leo, most of the locals wish he would just shut up or move away, two things Leo has no plans on doing.
The mother has no choice
The sound of cannons firing into the Bay. The pirates hanging off the masts of the Jose Gaspar Pirate Ship. The smell of rum in the air.The eye patches and shoulder parrots. The sight of beads flailing through the sky to eager spectators along Bayshore Boulevard.
Corner of 87 Avenue and 111 Street, University of Alberta Campus
The darkness consumes me. I feel nothing, nothing but pain and fear. Why should I rejoice in my God, why should I give Him praise? He has drawn away from His servant, His child, and when I needed Him most. Where is His light to guide me, or his hand to guide my path. I cry out to the Lord, but He is silent, why has he abandoned me so?
Excuse the angle of this shot, I was standing on a stool that was just a little too short to get a straight on close up. This gives you a little better idea of the size difference between the Re-Ment pieces (mostly on the left) and the Iwako Erasers (mostly on the right).
The first practice will include the work to be sung the next evening at St. Joseph's in Mississauga. As this is the first the program will be confined to what is expected to be known and can be sung by the congregation Mass VIII, Missa de Angelis and Credo III as well as Lift High the Cross as a recessional hymn.
No More Dead Dogs by Gordon Korman
Warren is looking to shake off the story of her Native American background, which has hounded her since the Herald first reported that Harvard Law School has touted Warren as a minority hire. She also listed herself as a minority in a law school directory for nine years between 1986 and 1995.
Thanks to everyone who posted or read the blog.
-Your twitter handle (if applicable)
I laminated a copy of our Meal Planning Calendar, so that I could fill in our meals each week, and always have a quick reference for the hubs or I when making dinner or taking out frozen chicken breasts for the next evening....
See my niece ride a bike
Swimsuit: Aleida – Bjorg in Red (NEW)
I finally got off the phone with them and went down to one of our IT dudes, Jim. Jim's awesome, and he was able to get some of my contacts back via reconnecting my phone with Outlook. But the vast majority of them are gone. Poof. And because I am old (see paragraph 1), I don't know anyone's phone numbers anymore. They're committed to my phone rather than to memory. I guess I'll spend the next year or so reaccumulating them...along with the addresses and whatnot that were also in my phone before The Big Wipe.
***Fun pastime for trying to understand the homobigoted perspective: step 1: find at least one video involving same-sex intimacy as suit your comfort level – even just a clip of Mitchell and Cameron (Modern Family) kissing will do fine. Step 2: find a similar number of videos from movies depicting catastrophic disasters – things like 2012 or The Day After Tomorrow are ideal. Step 3: watch all of the videos in alternating order – one from the first group, followed by one of the terrible repercussions depicted in the second group. For bonus subtext, follow a lesbian kiss with the bit from Return of the King when Sauron’s giant mighty tower fractures and explodes. Step 4: realise with growing horror that some people may actually believe that this is a legitimate concern. Step 5: realise with even more horror that there are definitely people with serious sociopolitical power who want you to believe this is a legitimate concern because it will keep you distracted while they steal everything you own, and sometimes they are succeeding.
RAYAGADA, India, Apr 27, 2012 (IPS) – Tribal farmer Harish Saraka has rediscovered the key to sustainable farming in this rain-dependent hinterland of eastern Odisha state – mixed cropping. Link: http://www.ipsnews.net/news.asp?idnews=107597
Label: Heartthrob
KEVIN VAN HENTENRYCK: They always took casts of my face. And they would use those to produce the different Belial's, the stunt Belial, the hero Belial ect.. That's a cool process, watching the guys who create that stuff,
All pictures were taken by myself, Rebecca Hsu.
While many in Europe were fed up with the bitter cold, residents in the Netherlands were disappointed with a slight warming in that country that resulted in a legendary iceskating race along canals being cancelled.
Turn on low and add 1 can cream of chicken soup, 1/2 stick margarine, 1 block cream cheese (cut in cubes)
Book provided by publisher for review.
And for the rest, what stops them from just not doing anything and still getting everything they need? Simple, if you don’t have any extenuating circumstances that reduces your work load then you need to be involved somehow in the world that provides for you to the best of your ability. If we don’t all pull together how can anyone expect to have their needs met? Whether this is taking a course, inventing something, finding an organization that is doing interesting things and supporting that, creating your own company or group of likeminded individuals, or even providing a local service to your community or building something new entirely – there will always be plenty to do.
If you are pretty talented at art you might not even consider going to Art College. Why should you, anyway? You can draw like the masters: Boticelli, Michaelangeo, Da Vinci. There wasn't a landscape scene your brushes didn't like, and there wasn't any portrait you couldn't draw. You can sketch anything that exists!
Now my point is this, as the government are giving themselves the power to hack into our lives TOTALLY from phone through to our personal e mail that the Lord Leveson enquiry is now redundant.
1 medium size onion, chopped
20 ml Monin Passion fruit puree
So yes, you have to endure a few more pictures
Without this starting point there is no solution to the problems of our world, and neither is there a substantive answer to the various questions that are asked (and we will answer in our next post).
And I hope that we never again hesitate to stand up and speak proudly to the glory of our gods and the falsehoods stacked against them.
When I awake, I hardly am able to read these scribblings from the dark. Ideas that I’ll forget in the morning, or whenever I awaken if I do not write them down; scary episodes, often with people that I know but who I know do not know each-other! Like the time that I felt something trying to surround and envelope me just as I was falling asleep in my darkened room and bed. As it squeezed me silently, I almost could not wake up and free myself from whatever presence that was!
That harsh and solitary burning
We might as well face it in spite of any thoughts to the contrary: a disciplined approach to any subject pays dividends. We tend to kick against the wisdom of the experts and hope that our haphazard approaches accomplish the same goal, but this is rarely the case. For eons, learning has been proven to work best by building on foundations of increasing complexity. In fact, once a student has truly grasped and mastered the critical foundational learning, then they can begin experimenting to find new and exciting ways to accomplish the same goals. However, with this approach, the student understands the hows and the whys and then can break rules with perfect understanding of what they are doing. Their experiences may even become part of the the next generation’s foundational learning.
But the second loss? We were robbed! It was the last game of the regular season to see which team would go on to represent Green County in the regionals. And it went something like this:
"You just can't get any other medium to do that wonderful juicy feel that you get from watercolor," Mary said.
In the interest of keeping things as simple as possible, husk the corn, don’t soak it, just grease it up a little and put it on the grill. Keep an eye on the cobs to ensure they don’t burn, and check that the heat is maintained around the ‘medium’ mark.
These are available in the form of pills or in the form of a cream or lotion which you can apply directly on the pimple. Amongst such antibiotics is erythromycin and one of the tetracycline antibiotics. These will reduce the bacteria but will not affect the oil secretion from the sebaceous glands. Thus, the pimples may return, soon after you stop the treatment. Side effects too have been experienced as a consequence of usage of these medicines. So, even though it is a suggested remedy, it is better to stay away from these antibiotics. Read more on best over the counter acne treatment.
Appearance: A light burnished gold brew is crowned with a generous head of small to tiny sparkling bubbles. The rocky head fall slowly leaving a light Belgian lace to ease down the glass.
NOTE: No one under 21 years old will be admitted.
In Sarah Jane Adventures series 1 The Lost Boy Part One the Pharos Institute was filmed the same place as Doctor Who series 1 episode 4 and 5 with the Slitheen and thats also a connection to the episodes because the episodes both feature the slitheen.
Aren't they all just super?? Thanks for sharing such awesome cards with us at SAS4Kids! Ladies- please grab your Top Three blog badge from the side of the blog and email me at khasheck@gmail.com if you would like to be a guest design team member for an upcoming challenge.
Arguably, this lack of knowledge in Hong Kong may be the result of the inadequacies in education. An in-depth study conducted by Lam (1997) on the sexual knowledge, attitudes and behaviors of secondary school pupils revealed a number of deficiencies in sex knowledge. Prior to Lams’ study, investigations in Hong Kong focused primarily on the biology of sexual behavior and were unable to provide a full picture of students’ knowledge, attitudes and behaviors related to sex. Dr. Lams’ study was designed comprehensively and covers the biology of sex, personal identity and self-concept, social issues related to human sexuality, deviant psychology, and other aspects of love, marriage, and parenting, as well as the implementation of HIV prevention education.
Now we have a little green
The Settlement also creates the Book Rights Registry, which "represents the interests of Rightsholders in connection with this Settlement with Google as well as potential licensing deals with other entities, subject to Rightsholders’ authorization."
Acorns
The vibrations which reach the liquid in the inner ear set up wave effects in the liquid. The inner walls of the cochlea are lined with small hair-like structures, called stereocilia, which are affected by this wave effect. These tiny hairs move strictly in accordance with the motion of the liquid. If a loud noise is emitted, then more hairs bend in a more powerful way. Every different frequency in the outside world sets up different effects in the hairs.
worst, you get better and change the situation around you. When the hour is
Die Folie habe ich vorher mit dem neuen Halloween-Zaun von Magnolia bestempelt. Die süße Hexe ist ebenfalls aus der "So Spooky Collection" von Magnolia.
and Rah Rah college. He went to Williams College where after a short
In fact, I really can't take credit for making it. Mom and Allison did the hard part, I just mixed up the box cake mix and poured it into the pan. They made the layers and iced it. Using a mold, we just baked the cake and once it cooled, cut the cake horizontally to create 2 layers and iced in between them.
After accidentally missing the deadline to submit a title for last year's edition of the White Elephant Blogathon, I made it a point to participate this year.
Margaret Thatcher
48. Freddy Monday-Everything Anyhow (Self-Released)
I’m one of those blokes fortunate enough to be present at the birth of each of his three children. Actually, it’s not as difficult as some people make out. I don’t have any issues with the inconvenience, the stress and all that pain – as long as it’s not happening to me. But it is an experience I’ll never forget, and one which I thought I’d never repeat.
With all the wood cut and burned, the fun was just beginning. I took a trip up to the local hardware store and picked out a make your own lamp kit with the socket, wire, switch, and harp. I also picked up a very long drill bit so that I could drill a hole down the middle of the post to feed the wire through. At home, I drilled my holes, and then, before I assembled anything, I stained all the pieces. Since different woods absorb stain differently, the post and base ended up a little different in shades, but I think that this is just further character to my creation. After the pieces dried, I began the process of securing the socket to the post and piecing the whole socket together. Now, I generally consider myself fairly adept at understanding pictures and visual instructions, but I have to say that it took me quite a few tries to get the proper size electrician’s knot tied and placed in the base of the socket. With the socket completed and tested (thankfully it worked like it was supposed to on the first try), I attached the post and antler to the base using screws and more of my trusted Liquid Nails glue. While the glue dried, Mindy and I made a couple trips to several stores to find a shade that would look right. Who am I kidding? We had to make a couple trips over the course of several days to find just the right shade to pull the whole lamp together. When it was done, I was very proud of my lamp.
KRIS: I want hot dogs.
“Titled ‘Travel Posters for Lazy People’, the collection is laced with sarcasm and pokes fun at people’s “lazy” activities, such as spending several hours on the Internet, Hulu and Skyrim.”
Clearly I’ve been thinking a lot about identity lately: Our identity as private individuals as well as our sense of who we are culturally, ethnically, professionally or religiously. How much of that identity do we manufacture for others to see, how much do others put on us, and what is organically real in our hearts?
That funny little girl
The court went astray in my opinion in its interpretation of “distribute” in Section 106(3), which it held to be synonymous with the term “publication.” The term “publication” is defined in relevant part as “the distribution of copies or phonorecords of a work to the public by sale or other transfer of ownership, or by rental, lease, or lending.” But this doesn’t mean the logic flows the opposite direction, that a distribution is also a publication. But since the court held it did, the court was also stuck with holding that the offer to distribute a phonorecord is also a distribution, and the court’s discomfort with this obvious anomaly led it to place practical limits on its holdings, limits that don’t mesh with equation of distribution of publication, including finding that plaintiffs had not adequately stated a claim of further distribution, i.e., that plaintiffs had not adequately made out a making available. The court’s ruling nevertheless leaves open the possibility that having a work in a shared folder without authorization for it being there might be infringing, even if no one ever downloads it from that file.
I didn't feel like moving the corpse into the trash, so I left it for this morning.
Big surprise, I can't deny.
In the mean time, my garden is just freshly turned waiting for the seedlings and seeds and now its not helping my colour issue- I do need to change that. Starting tomorrow I am going to have one coloured vegetable at each meal – and eat it before I wolf down my protein! I might have to start looking into creative ways to incorporate the colours into my foods.
In terms of structure the building was made of reinforced concrete blocks and pillars with an exposed aggregate finish of pebbles. These materials may seem like they contrast with the natural setting but were actually designed to highlight the nature of the area with their neutral non-imposing earthy tones.
(I don't like people to see me cry. If they saw me cry, I'd have to explain WHY I was crying and truly, no one would understand what I just said. To them making a movie is just making a movie. They have no idea that it meant I'd be over here until 6pm last night - back at 9:30 after the movie rendered and back here at 6 am this morning. In fact, I'm typing this right now as I babysit the rendering process. )
One thing that I learned from ma is to let go. She never held us captive, emotionally or physically. She also gave us power to discern.
We’ve been touring Flora Slosson Wuellner’s Prayer and Our Bodies last week and this week, looking for insights to encourage our pursuit of holistic body theology. Just as body theology is about not only our own bodies but also what we do with them in the world, so Wuellner’s book encourages prayer not only with our own bodies but also with our community body. She writes, “The nurture, inclusiveness, and sensitivity which we try to bring to our own bodies is precisely the same nurture, inclusiveness, and sensitivity we are asked to bring to our community body.”
Chiffonade of fresh basil, 1/4 cup (measured after cutting)
School is over for her, but softball is still a full time job right now. If only they could lose a few games....
Colin slapped his notebook shut and jumped up. If Doc was going to let him write as work, he was going to be Mr. Alacrity when he was needed. “Ready!” he said, snapping on his helmet. In two minutes he was piloting his Chinese scooter down the street, three pizzas bungeed to the rear cargo rack.
I have to say that it is a pleasure to use and you'd be hardpressed to make the same card as the next person because there are so many variations - then, when we take the resize function is taken into consideration....
Entry point was just to the side of the nail bed, exit point (sort of, it didn’t so much penetrate as tear) is the big red blob near the tip of the finger.
I want him to learn what “no” means, but when we try to teach him and tell him no he just smiles this Cheshire cat smile and continues to be mischievous and just downright defiant. We refuse to spank him, and so we will pull him away from whatever he is doing and that’s simply not working either.
Sounds like an easy enough question, right? Well, the truth is, that it is actually an extremely difficult question to answer for current and prospective media professionals and this inability to be able to ‘project oneself into the future’ can have ‘negative psychological consequences’ for individuals (Gill 2007, 41).
Then you have these three identical blonde triplets who look like models with super rich husbands. There only concern, having babies at the same time! Oh if life were that easy I wouldn’t need a MasterCard!
I told him about my NBBC Ranger IPA test. He said, buy two similar age beers, put the on the shelf for a month, and then conduct your sippy test. Tom believes, after 04-06 weeks, a bottled beer will exhibit degradation; a canned beer, not.
I'm not the most selfconfident person on world you can find, not at all! There were times in my life I prefered not leaving the house so I wouldn't have to show myself..
It's about the names we give things. It's about the rumors we spread with our litbombs. Its about the myths we believe, the myths we make real. Realities and fictions and the ways they cohabitate, the ways they breed. It really wasn't so long ago that travelers reported Africans had tails, and the myth has proved to be resilient. And they all live in mud huts, you know; even the tax code knows this.
I had never gone kayaking before and it was an enriching experience – truely inspiring. It didn’t matter that I was travelling alone, the kayaking operator hooked me up with another person. If anyone is heading that way, a few tips for noting.
Then, for my mom's mothers day present, I got her their VIP Mother's Day gift set, which was only $20 with any $40 purchase.
I knew that I would be spending some of my weekend walking G into our hotel room as she flopped onto her bed, wasted. But what I didn’t know was that I would end up spending much of my weekend helping her with dressing, bodily functions, walking, and drunk-circular-talking about family dynamics. The low points of my weekend were on night 1: begging a series of cab drivers to take us from a club to our hotel, after they refused because she was falling in the street and looked like she was about to vomit; and on night 3: when she took off her high-heeled shoes and walked down a filthy, dark, wet alley as I was trying to hail a cab. (Night 2 she was too hung over from Night 1 to chase the buzz until it tackled her.)
He wept. He promised ‘a new start’.
The nose is a strong and rich malt, with a solid dose of wood, vanilla, and a tinge of alcohol.
These are instructions for the Messiah. In other words, this is one of many biblical prophecies that foretold the coming of Jesus (a biblical personage in his own right).
Gah! I have so much to blog about so little bloody time! I'm on leave at the moment but do you think that means anything? Hells no, I'm on my 4th day of actual leave (not including weekends) and in that time I've only watch 2 movies! And one of them was a premiere in the evening! I need to go back to work so can find a bit more movie time...
Now this is where you dye the extensions if you please. Human hair can be dyed normally, but watch out for synthetic. I would do a strand test before doing any hard-core dying. When I dyed my extensions pastel pink, I followed NikkiLipstick's tutorial here.
I still feel a bit wrong-footed by this, though, and I've had to do some thinking about why this is...
Neassa and I were looking for a washing bowl that we couldn't find anywhere, even though we'd seen them displayed in the kitchen section and in the catalogue; everyone we asked kept sending us to other departments and by the end we must have walked round the store two or three times in our search. Finally we gave up and decided it was time to go home and headed to the check out where we were shocked to realise that we had been in the store for six hours! How had that happened? And how come we hadn't got the one thing we had come for? It was too much for Neassa to bear and as we were standing in line she decided to make one last attempt to find them; she went racing off and was gone for quite a while and just as I was wondering how I was going to pay for her purchases that I had put onto the conveyor belt, she came flying down the shopfloor, triumphantly wielding two black washing up bowls; success at last! Now that's what I call determination!
30th April 2012
I'm devoting the entire day tomorrow to the craft room and getting caught up on some much needed cards to share and some DT cards. The beautiful weather, me thinks, has given me Spring Fever and I have just been outside puttering around the yard and working on the patio along with some much needed cleaning.
As some of you had commented via email, we may have had similar struggles with weight, or you may be on your own journey to health with the new year (congrats if you are). I hope to provide you with some of the best resources I've found and answer any questions you may have. I will get more in depth after the detox is over and I can truly introduce you to this incredible lifestyle that is changing my life.
I download Diptic and start playing with collages. Also have a look at Picnik. It's so time consuming. It's something I really want to learn. Will I ever find the time? Advice most welcome.
Is it like pounds of pressure? Like kilowatts? How do we get to where Jude is in amazement?
Mary Jo Kopechne
This in turn leads to raised levels of dopamine, the brain’s reward system called the nucleus accumbens, which can be very addictive.
The police say that as part of the operation named “Monster” it searched 26 sites in Aracinovo, Suto Orizari, Cair and Cento, all areas in and around Skopje. Over 800 police officers participated in the arrests.
I’ll happily admit that, if it does turn out that I have some divine being to thank for all that’s good in my life, then I have a lot to be grateful for. But whether or not his latest work deserves any five-star reviews is a different matter entirely from whether this earns him the right to be petulant about getting the credit for it. Even if he were real, I’d have no interest in bowing and scraping to a god immature enough to throw a strop and eternally condemn anyone who dares to be unimpressed by his magnum opus.
Hey Jimmy, you should market an exercise video, “The Jim Labriola Ab Workout: Laugh Your Way to Great Abs”.
However, having a "word of the year" is not an activity in which I normally indulge. I usually have a record or book that becomes my highlight of the previous twelve months, but very rarely does my attention centre on a word that stands out amongst the myriad vocables I come across every day whether they are just a sequence of sounds or considered as a unit of meaning. Sometimes, though, I put on the mantle of eccentricity when it comes to linguistics. Especially when it's about sticking two fingers up to the establishment.
I based everything around her rag quilt.
Now, let me temper my rant with this fact: short-sighted dolts in the pharma industry who continue to violate pretty straightforward practices about on-label and accurate marketing are bringing all this on themselves. When will we get more courageous leadership in the pharma industry that sees beyond next quarter’s numbers; that values ethics and integrity above maximized profit? When will we see the Golden Rule instead of the Gold-in Rule? I’m all for fair competition, sales, and profit – this is a business marketplace. And a good number of the folks within pharma are seeking to do things right (I know and work with many of them). But the regulatory tangle we are subjected to today is, at least in part, because of jerks who incentivize jerks to cheat the system.
I absolutely cannot stop raving about the card base cardstock that I have recently discovered at CutCardstock. I know it is something we really don't "see" in our creations, but let me tell you how sturdy it is and how easy it folds and creases. The metallic iridescence is beautiful. No more cards bending under the weight of the embellishments and no more "crack" when I score my card base. Check out the link to the cardstock I use here. Design Paper is from Cart-Us - "Wedding" 6x6 pad. Flowers and metal embellishments from WOC.
From the Sacramento Bee…
So I invented myself as a Reggae Musician. It was a complete transformation. I didn’t know it then, but it wasn’t real, for it ended when I ended my involvement with the band by quitting over something probably frivolous. But that’s another story for another time. I want to talk to you about something else. So listen:
"What do you call it?"
Me: Do you understand?
There would be at least three Belle and Sebastian songs in the soundtrack.
I have to add that the Cyberverse Commander Megatron has a cartoon accurate sword and close to accurate gun. The sword is clear plastic though. The alt mode is very bad, but the robot mode is very good.
In folk medicine, freshly gathered yarrow root mashed in whiskey was used as a primitive anesthetic. Yarrow has also been used to stop internal bleeding, and as a bitter digestive tonic. Its emmenagogic action promotes the flow of bile. Yarrow tea taken warm acts as a diaphoretic, or medication given to induce sweating.
Knowing that Hitler and the wartime effort were huge circulation builders, America's comic book publishers rarely missed a chance to direct their super (and non-super) heroes into the fray. From 1941 to 1945, deliberately vicious, almost non-human caricatures of Germans and Japanese people populated hundreds, if not thousands, of pages of American comic books. The altered collage-style comic book cover by Bob Wood (signed) that opens this posting is from Lev Gleason's Daredevil #1 (not by Cole, although it appears that some figures from his stories might have been pasted onto or copied into the cover), one the classic iconic anti-Hitler comics.
National Short Story Week is intended to be a grass roots, "bottom up" event. The role of the publicity campaign managed by Short Story Week C.I.C. is to enable individuals and organisations to organise their own events on a national, regional or local level. Good for them! As I always say, it's International Short Story Day every day here at the Short Review, but I know that some people need a little bit of a nudge/shove in that direction. We'll do everything we can to support NSSW of course. Roll on, November!
Well...tomorrow is actually my birthday! I thought about holding a contest or giveaway to celebrate, but the Warm Fuzzies Blogfest is coming up in a couple weeks, so I'm going to send out the gift of laughter to you all instead.
As for the song in my head, there was nothing romantic or broken to inspired it, it simply was there, bouncing off the rubber walls in my mind. And then I came down Clinton Av, spotted a giant arrow illuminated by marquee light bulbs and the song became real apropos.
This is my commandment: love one another as I love you.
-you must purchase one of the above coach packs.
But unfortunately, you got totally wet. And you cursed (well not really ’cause you don’t even know how to say any bad word except *bwiset*) the clouds but stopped cursing when you realized how much the rain meant to you. What is your problem, girl?
At this stage of the game, I know those who’ve chosen to sit out are already out. Of those who remain, I’m sure there will be some who will go on based on the confidence of what they already hold while others will simply bluff their way around hoping not to get caught in their lies. C’est la vie.
Funny thing. When I was growing up in Michigan I like most African American kids back in those days enjoyed going to my grandparents’ house. I have fond memories of my grandparents, even when they were punishing me. It still makes me laugh. One of the fondest memories that I have was of a Black Jesus that they had in their living room. The interesting thing about this was that their living room ceiling and walls were a dark blue with glitter on it. It looked like a starry cave. Then up against the wall, was the Black Christ on velvet. It ties back in to Kamitic-Kongo idea of the spirit realm (See the Maa Aankh), which I mentioned in the post about the Wiz.
2. My monthly sales goal is $_______.
The 25th of January is Burns Night – when Scotland, and many around the world of Scottish descent, celebrate the birth of the nation’s poet, Robert Burns.
Officers will be allowed to wear their present Uniform till the 1st of June 1796.
16After these things I will come back, and will put up the tent of David which has been broken down, building up again its broken parts and making it complete:
After I completed the update I linked my new AP cartridge and pulled out my Cricut Mini to try my hand at making a base card for my grand-daughters to decorate for their Mom for Mothers Day. You can find my inspiration here:
Have a great week y'all!
First, blue, blue water, bluer than at El Banco or Corbeteña has moved into the Bay of Banderas. We have seen Yellowfin Tuna for the last few weeks that are very large in front of Yelapa but you´d be hard pressed to get them to take a bait. Then BAM, Dorado move into the area, that´s right amigos they are in the bay, at the points of Punta Mita, Just before you hit Cabo Corrientes. The Marietta Islands have added Dorado to the list as well. The surprise here is the simple fact that the water is much colder than they like, but there is bait in the bay and while the water is cool, not cold, Dorado can be boated off Los Arcos! I mean I have never seen this before in mid January to have Dorado on our door step.
As we all know, we can't control what life throws at us. All we can control is how we react to the hand we're dealt. Catherine's response to her situation is awe inspiring.
I made this card for a friend of ours who will be graduating soon. Can you remember those days? Gettting ready to graduate High School?
I then used ribbon from Lidl, and a bow from Papermania Capsule collection range, with a Prima flower. Lastly I added my buttons which are recycled from old shirts :-)
...do as the Wisconsinites do?
31,399 tons of goods entered Gaza last week Fail Of The Day Chinese Man Cons Sky News MORON: Bush Praises Arab Spring; George W. – Father of Islamic “Democracy’ Differences prisoner agreement lessons between Arabic and English Turkey’s Middle East Policy of Seeking To Gobble, Gobble Up the Middle East Makes Enemies of Everyone IDF holds joint earthquake simulation drill with U.S. Army Barry Rubin: Turkey’s Middle East Policy of Seeking To Gobble, Gobble Up the Middle East Makes Enemies of Everyone <U+041E><U+043A><U+0441><U+0438><U+0434><U+0435><U+043D><U+0442><U+0430><U+043B><U+0438><U+0437><U+043C>. <U+041E> <U+043F><U+0440><U+0438><U+0440><U+043E><U+0434><U+0435> <U+043D><U+0435><U+043D><U+0430><U+0432><U+0438><U+0441><U+0442><U+0438> <U+043A> <U+0417><U+0430><U+043F><U+0430><U+0434><U+0443>.I Military Intelligence closely monitor ‘Google Street View’ project in Israel “Muslim Brotherhood sent convoy of doctors to mutilate girls” OMG: US Congressman writes constituent that Sharon and Arafat must negotiate Mohammad Rashid Responds to Corruption & Embezzlement Charges The Middle East Media Sampler 5/16/1012: J-Street Condemns Abbas? Soccer Dad’s Middle East Media Sampler The Dictator And Katy Perry A Look At The Forward’s Eli Valley’s Antisemitic Inspirations Sorry, BDSers, but Israel’s economy continues to grow Egyptian Authorities Seize More Weapons From Libya The soft bigotry of low expectations Putin: ‘Israel will take care of Iran,’ Khameni: Clash between Iran, US and Israel ‘inevitable’ Gaza export totals this season 16-May-12: Ten years late, the assault on financial corruption at the highest levels of Palestinian government may finally be going somewhere Palestinian doctors attend international conference at Israeli hospital B’Tzelem’s Montell compares right wing Israelis to neo-Nazis Why Israel’s Secure Borders Are Imperative–Even In The Age Of Modern Warfare (Israel: Why Land Matters, Part III) Why peace is impossible, reason #6350 Video: Jerusalem–4000 Years in 5 Minutes You mean Israeli prisons aren’t hotels? Former PA Mufti says Jerusalem not holy to Jews How Israel went from underdog to ‘oppressor’ in 40 years InLightPress: We Are Still Being Censored By The Palestinian Authority “The Dictator” Mocks Slain Israeli Olympic Athletes, Avoids Insulting (or Mentioning) Islam; Anti-US Occupy Monologue Nakba Protester Of the Day
Anyway, it was about this time that I got distracted. I saw a craigslist post for a free desk, a free dresser, and a free highchair. I snatched them up for a quick turn around for some cash. A saturday of sanding and painting gave yielded us $800 dollars for the price of gas to pick the free stuff up, paint for them, and a few drawer pulls, and we sold everything within the week.
Waking refreshed we showered and changed and made our way down to the restaurant for another delicious dinner and then enjoyed the entertainment in one of the many bars.
I think all of us who read HeroinHeads blogs are always excited to read a new one, and when he finally births a blog I have a little ritual that I do. Let me tell you all about it.
How can they be satisfied with so little? How can I expect so much?
The Japanese discovered how to electrically separate water into two parts: acid and alkaline. This alters the hydrogen and oxygen bonds and creates smaller particles or micro-water. Most people buy micro-cluster water rather than a machine to make it. Tests show colloidal silver water alkalizes the blood in almost the same way as coral calcium. Colloidal silver alkalizes to assist against parasites & yeast infections too. Just Ask a Nurse. She’ll likely tell you to make and take low PPM batches throughout the day for yet even more alkalizing colloidal silver benefits. Sometimes the right water puts a new spin on life.
Beyoncé, as an American icon, was assumed to be just another cut and shut Momma (translation: it was expected she would have an arranged c-section like the rest of her cohort) so when news broke that Mrs. Carter had given birth ‘naturally’ the message boards of the internet were buzzing with various birth obsessives to try to fathom what exactly was meant.
the breath of the drum.
Ward said one of the reasons why new legislation is needed is that other states have adopted stiffer penalties for cockfighting.
By twice displaying a peace officer’s preference for de-escalation, Perez had established himself as a repeat offender. He was purged from the APD, a department that has since done much to distinguish itself – in the face of fierce and plentiful competition — as one of the most abusive in the country.
The point here is that there isn’t necessarily one right way to raise tax revenue – you can generate $50 billion a year in many different ways; the question then becomes one of the relative merit of the different options.
I sent the handsome hubby out into the woods to find a log that would work with the idea that was brewing in my head. He came home with three 1/4 pieces of log. They were beautiful and mossy but no limbs and not the size I needed. So then I began thinking about alternatives. I remembered working with Plaster of Paris in 5th grade when we had to make volcanoes but I needed a base first. Then I remembered seeing a tutorial a while back on the Martha Stewart show regarding faux logs made from corrugated cardboard. I googled that and two reputable tutorials came up. The Martha tutorial and a tutorial from Design Sponge. Looking at them both they may be from the same source and then featured on Martha. That was that and I knew then how I was going to construct the base.
The malt arrives like a stealth bomber on radar, leaving behind a faint carpet bombing of fizz on the tongue. I believe this beer to be single hopped, by that I mean I think they use a single hop flower in each hectolitre, no more for fear of bittering.
49. ELVIS ROAD
Marquis, D. M., In Search of Buddy Bolden – First Man of Jazz, Luisiana State University Press, 1978.
I waved the girls off at 5pm and by 6pm I was ready for my bed!
News Anchor: Thank you for joining us this evening. I'm Ann Core. We take you now to Times Square in New York City where our crime reporter Drag Nett is standing by. What have you got for us Drag?
Another option would probably be to just secure a small ledge into the wall studs. This option, however, doesn't leave any permanent damage to the walls. And for as much as I change things, that's probably a good thing!
It felt great and it opened up a lot of doors for us. We got a lot more attention here in Iceland which then led to some people overseas noticing us. So now we're just trying to make the most of that.
in a comment. The contest will start tonight and run to
It’s approximately 12:23AM and it’s officially my fifth monthsary 23 minutes ago and we ended up having a tiff. Just after one problem was settled, another one comes in. How do I juggle between my relationship, my friends as well as my studies? Note that I didn’t put in my family in this although they play a big role in my life but just for once, I don’t want family matters to get in the way. I am the kind of person that always push people away when they are trying to be nice probably due to past horrible events and I tend to be very careful.
It's a good thing that Bossman had me check the cart, as it turns out. Even though it meant that I missed an assessment on one patient (not a big deal; he was stable as a rock) and didn't get lunch until 1430, it was a good thing. Because I found that the crash cart, ostensibly checked by other people on the unit each month for several months, was full of stuff that was expired. As in, expired in 2009.
But there was something else looming in the back of my mind. Not a huge thing, but worth mentioning. When the Dr input my last menstrual period (4-20) into the computer, the Estimated Due Date (if, in theory, I were to get pregnant) popped up as 1-25-2013. I immediately remembered the meaning of January 25th, a tiny sign from years ago that always stuck with me. It wasn't huge. Just a "huh" moment, really.
The town slouched at the bottom of the hill
A plume of radiation above New York City leads to a warehouse where, it seems, a powerful nuclear bomb was assembled just hours before.
End Date: June 26, 2012
she is from OREGON and has a new book coming out soon… ???
Best President in my lifetime? Ronald Reagan. He was the right man for the time. No, his administration didn’t cut spending, which was a cornerstone of his entire smaller government argument, and would have solidified him as maybe the 2nd best President behind Lincoln or 3rd behind FDR. Unfortunately, that gave Democrats fodder for years to poke holes in his administration, and on the other side led Dick Cheney to famously and regrettably utter the phrase “Deficits don’t really matter.”
Triomphal reminds me of Rouge Byzantine lipstick in a gloss formula. The shade packs an amazing punch of deep red with pink shimmers. It is simply gorgeous. Rouge Allure Extrait de Gloss are slightly tacky but not sticky, and have great pigmentation. Below is a shot of Triomphal under the bright sun where you can really see the shimmers.
6) Secular.
The Big Smelly Pit,
I have no strong opinion on the monarchy myself. I think we will have them for so long as enough idiots think we need them, but in the great scheme of things and national democracy they are the least of our problems. For what it’s worth Liz seems a nice lady that’s done her best for her country. Phil the Greek seems an amusing old racist that I suspect would be quite a laugh if you’re not the type to cringe about jokes involving “chinks, darkies and fuzzy wuzzies”. Chuck seems a bit of a half wit that talks to plants and thinks he can feed his future subjects organic rubbish, but overall he has a point about architecture and ugly carbuncles. Any one that has ever worked in Coventry will agree with him there. As for Will and his half brother, Harry Hewitt, they appear decent enough chaps that like a pint and like watching the game and get pissed up every so often. I pity them in a way as every idiot pissed up thing they do is front page news. Me pulling a fat welsh lass whilst pissed up on Stella and taking her back to my Halls of Residence for an unsatisfying sexual encounter never got in the newspapers for my mum to read when I was in my fresher year at university. The eyes of the world notice every bird they take to the pictures.
TIPS: When you screw on the legs, you’ll have to carefully pre-drill some holes for the screws, but make sure you don’t drill too far as you’ll go right through the wood! Secondly, the wood will NOT be level. This makes it a bit trickier to make the legs level and you will need a small level and some shims to adjust accordingly until it is straight. Also, try not to drill where the live edge is because that is usually the thinnest part of the wood. If you don’t have live edge on your wood, this will make the job a lot easier.
autumn evening
Zucchini Coconut Flour Pancakes
polyachka: why do people do it? they still belive in OLPC’s idea?
The papers are from my stash and I have coloured the images with copics. The charm is from The Secret Garden on Da Wanda and the button is from Blooming Felt.
Well, the father of the late Satoru Kobayashi publicly announced yesterday (the 16 year anniversary of his son’s death) that he would like the police to end the search for his son’s killer.
Crowley said she has been requesting that the wires be moved underground since she took office two years ago.
Like with anything, if mental health issues don't impact you personally, for instance if you deal with it, or a loved one does, then why worry about and judge how other people's lives and brains. Do you live in their head, experience their day-to-day struggles or triumphs, have you had the past that they have had?
House Made Ramen Noodles, Soy Egg, Pork belly, Smoked Beach Mushrooms, Leeks Spinach, Toasted Nori.
My hubby and son love this meal, though they are not hard to please, I agree that it is really yum!
marveled to hear so clear
Happy March everybody! The beginning of March always gives me the feeling that spring is right around the corner. I'd feel even more that way if we hadn't had a snow/ice storm here last night. ;-) But I'm still holding out hope that spring is just around the corner.
We believe those who commit suicide go to hell (John 15:1-6).
Provo Craft is proud to announce the launch of the Official Cricut Blog sponsored by the Cricut Circle! This all new blog will go live Wednesday, May 18, 2011 and we want you to be a part of the celebration!
R - Which is?
I’m sure there are several different ways of doing this, here’s my approach.
Once a month I teach a bunch of children in the Icelandic congregation here in London. We play with puppets and sing a whole lot of songs. I like the songs, but these are the same songs I was singing when I went to Sunday school myself. I feel they're out of sync with the pop culture that kids grow up with today; the songs they're singing are older than their teacher. So I decided to apply for a grant at Christian funding foundation in Iceland called Kristnihátíðarsjóður, and thus focus on spending time writing songs. The idea was to write songs especially for the Sunday school. The songs I wrote are a little more pop and modern. When I was driving last year with my little niece from Reykjavik to Akureyri, I found out that the monkey song was her favorite and it was played 30 times on the way. My goal was to make a beautiful children's album that both children and adults could enjoy, with both a healthy message for kids but equally fun to enjoy musically. It's a fun project to work on because it's so totally different from what I'm usually doing. Instead of focusing on myself I love just working with music in general, recording and also writing music for others.
Reminds me of something that happened the other day. We were serving dinner, Zeus was behaving (not begging, but laying down nearby. We're still working on keeping him out of the dining room. He loves the tile), and as soon as I walked out of the room, he perked right up. He started wagging his tail and stared up at my husband panting.
Kobe is blessed with playing in a league where it is nowhere near as physical a game as it was when Jordan played. The NBA is catered to offense because fans rather see an offensive game than a low scoring defensive struggle. It’s like that in baseball, hence the American League adopting the DH. It’s like that in Football which is why we saw 3 QB’s eclipse the 5,000 yard passing mark this year while only seeing twice before that. Kobe still averages less points per game. Kobe has only scored over 30ppg twice in his career while Jordan has done it 8 times. Kobe is a prolific scorer but has only won the scoring title twice while coming very close to grabbing his third this year. Jordan won the scoring title 10 times. Kobe has one MVP award. He probably deserved maybe a few more, but never got it. Jordan won MVP 5 times second to Kareem Abdul-Jabbar’s 6. Jordan probably deserved it every year from 1987-1998.
Label: doubaJen Records
On top of causing an entire generation of babies to have their brains damaged, the use of Thimerosal in vaccines has been linked by many scientists to the staggering rise of autism in the past two decades. Did the dumbing-down campaign go too far?
The story published in the Enterprise reciting the slaughter of a family near Empire was all a fiction. It was understood to be such by all acquainted with the locality in which the alleged affair occurred. In the first place, Empire City and Dutch Nick's are one, and in the next there is no "great pine forest" nearer than the Sierra Nevada mountains, etc.
At least 1,000 homes have been evacuated, as of posting, just before a 9.1m surge of floodwater swamped most of the central Queensland city of Rockhampton.
Of course these four tastes work in harmony and the reason why sweet tastes so good is that it’s all a fine balancing act. For example, good chocolate has both acidic and bitter notes. We’re just not used to attributing those undertones to something “sweet.”
If Eve and her daughters gave birth like the planets, two at a time, one male and one female, and they were exceedingly long lived and always fertile, never entering into menopause, each one of these females may have produced a vast posterity. Just using an imaginary number and saying that Eve was able to give birth 1000 consecutive times, once every 10 months, during a period of 833 years, and supposing that she gave birth to twins each time, a son and a daughter, this would mean that she gave birth to 2000 children, of which 1000 were daughters. Those 1000 daughters, doing the same as her, would each give birth to 1000 daughters. This would give Eve 1000 daughters and 1,000,000 grand-daughters. And so on and so forth: 1 billion great grand-daughters, 1 trillion great great grand-daughters, etc. Obviously, these are just imaginary numbers, not taking into account premature deaths, etc.
A young opera singer (Betty) gets her big chance when the previous star of a production of Verdi's Macbeth is run over by a car. Convinced the opera is bad luck she accepts, and becomes the target (in Argento's unmistakable style) of a psychopath - a man she has been dreaming of since childhood. Don't believe the hype Opera is one of Argento's best, most scary films.
And I'm feeling unsure about how to get there, out of touch. Which means it's time to look within again, time to re-prioritize, time to figure out the next step, tiny step to take. That's all it takes, most times, one small step in the direction of your dreams.
Christ delegated this authority to his priests much in the same way that any higher authority delegates its authority to its ambassadors and others who represent the higher authority.
I've been racking my brain over what I should post about. Shall I do a follow up on the post I did about critiques? I've been neglecting The Bookette's British Book Challenge despite having read: Stoneheart by Charlie Fletcher, The Demon Collector by Jon Mayhew and Firebrand by Gillian Phillip, but I'm not in the mood to write a book review (sorry) and besides the whole Greek Seaman affair has had me rethinking my book review format. At the moment I seem to be spending all my time thinking about my WIP, which is also woefully neglected and my balcony.
I was half-way through an early draft of DK when I came across the Da Vinci Code. I thought that the Templar thing would have come and gone before I hit the shelves. But it kept on going. I was worried about the glut of Templar books, to be honest.
See? Lots of very short sentences, but a a longer one - 'There's the lake...' - to break up the staccato rhythm. The longer one is still sequential and follows the train of thought.
- Joined a cookbook club with three girlfriends. I don't think we've officially chosen a name for ourselves yet but when we do, I'll be sure to share. We've also started a Tumblr blog to record all of the recipes we try. I'll occasionally link to that as well! Tuesday night, we have our first dinner where we get to share the recipes we've tried over the past few weeks from Deborah Madison's "Greens Cookbook." Greens is a wildly popular vegetarian restaurant here in SF down at Fort Mason. Everything I've tried from the book has been superb! At our dinner, we'll choose a new cookbook for next month. My, our boyfriends are lucky...KTW has gladly tried all of my recipes and offers helpful tips like "mmm" or "this is awesome!"
His platform moves him to the oposite side of the room, where he encounters 5 people on a similar platform surrounded by cardboard walls and crowded with plastic furniture. They move about anxiously trying the extend their limbs in an effort to dance in this clausterphobic space. A change in the music, they realize the ludicrous of their spatial containment, and begin tearing down the cardboard walls, spraynig bits of paper and glitter everywhere, throwing the plastic furniture, and utterly obliterating the maufactured walls holding them in. Now they can dance! I think at this point in the show I thought to myself, wow... performing in something like this day after day is way more than a job, way more than a workout, way more than a performance even... its a daily celebration of life and human liberty!
Unfortunately they are very expensive to take, their bows are only S3, they still have no armour and are just not that effective in game. They are basically a poor mans Way Watchers who are ironically over priced scouts...when it comes to our scout units unfortunately they just don't perform as well as we would like (more on Way Watchers later!).
Well today Zoie is one year old! I cannot believe it has been a year since that cute little bundle of joy came into the world! I will take some pictures of her party today and share them tomorrow.
I had them when I lived in the city (Albuquerque)
A little something more died, right then. Another little piece broke off inside somewhere, as I realized that even home wasn’t…home. Not really. Not anymore. Maybe not ever. I swore I wouldn’t cry. I swore I wouldn’t. But my eyes started to well up as I looked around my silent, empty house. I wiped my nose on the back of my sweatshirt sleeve, and swallowed the salty burn of my tears. I didn’t have time to cry. Not anymore. There were things to do.
She considered doing stomach crunches, but decided she ate light enough at dinner. That made up for the extra French Toast.
Now, to bring you all up to speed. I am now sitting in a hotel room, typing out a blog post at 1:04AM on the 28th of April in the year 2012, driving to Philadelphia and other parts of the Northeastern part of our beloved United States of America to assist in the very ministry that was fundamental in securing the foundation of my beliefs. We are now driving across the country, bringing a message of hope and peace to the lost. As I exited one mission field, I have now entered a new one. Familiar, yet foreign. But a mission field nonetheless.
Then he stretched out his hand and he touched mine.
Iggulden talking about what’s next for the Khan Dynasty in his best-selling Conquerer series and recipes from Jamie Oliver, Rachel Allen, Gordon Ramsay and The Hairy Bikers.
What Miegakure is adding to the genre isn’t a new way to play with physics, it doesn’t just expand level segments or give your character a new mix of established abilities. In a somewhat similar manner to Portal it’s meant to encourage you to think in a different manner but unlike Portal’s unique brand of problem solving, Miegakure instead focuses on your perceptions. This is a platformer that takes place in four dimensions. It’s based on a manner of viewing and interacting with the world that, as 3 dimensional beings, is completely foreign to those of us who don’t dabble in theoretical math.
Three guesses and the first two are wrong as to who out of the oil industry, the speculators or the consumer is at the bottom of the hill.
Thanks to Whoopdi Friggin Doo,
What we’re saying is that the garden is beautiful, and that when you see a beautiful garden it makes perfect, rational sense to believe in an owner. And a gardener.
363 6th Street, San Francisco, CA - January 29, 1966
3) Does the author’s idea of looking for your own examples and his three reasons for it make sense? Why?
The sequence I scrubbed up was ultimately forced to walk the plank in editorial but I'm proud to have a credit on this hilarious film. Go see it- it's a barrel of larfs!
Accessories - Fleur de Lis border punch, gold embossing powder, 2" ivory satin ribbon, 1/2" ivory satin ribbon, Lg Rectangle Nestabilities, gold swirl clip, Chino pearls (kaisercraft), paper piercer and mat pack.
For those of you who absolutely love to read, here is the bill in full:
Unfortunately, we now live in an area where there's a lot of traffic and the playground is a few miles away. I often take my son to the playground in this town, but I still see kids who just show up and then leave before the lights come on.
Goering agreed to surrender unconditionally but asked that his family be cared for, and the Nazi leader was delivered to Foster for transport the next day.
At closed-door conferences and strategic seminars organised by Aman ki Asha, thought-leaders and opinion-makers have discussed sensitive issues including water, media, security, Kashmir, and terrorism (former heads of RAW and ISI attended the last one). Their joint statements reflect consensus on key issues.
the Spoonies said...
Some have been warning us for years that there are forces within this land which are committed to destroying everything which is great about Great Britain. For a long time they were lonely voices calling to deaf ears, although more recently others, including one time New Labour voters, such as myself, have begun to see the truth in what they are have been telling us, and to appreciate the growing threat which we, as a nation, face.
When probed further on the matter: “We don’t need to inform, that depends on us.”
When I have a chance, I’ll transcribe and share their beautiful parables, but just for today I take comfort in the fact that they are getting what they need: they’re getting Life.
I greeted the caller, “Drivethroughguy, how can I help you?,” in my best professional phone voice. A young man replied that his balls were swollen and he wanted to know what to do.
If …then.
It all depends what I'm doing, really. If I'm working freelance for a client, I'll be focused on their brief to the exclusion of all other projects, however compelling they may be. When I'm working on a novel, I like to immerse myself in that world and read the dialogue aloud, in character. It helps that I write in the attic! Sometimes I temp, so any time before and afterwards has an added tension and focus. Strangely, I often get more writing done then.
A Forest City spokesman told the Times--which covered the lawsuit, bizarrely, in the midst of an article about a Nets promotional event at Borough Hall--that 19 of the 36 "trainees found jobs in property management, retail or construction related positions." Unmentioned was whether any were high-paying union jobs; Caldwell has said only a few have such jobs.
When 180 degrees is reached, add the sweetener and flavoring, if desired. Leave the lid slightly ajar, and reset the thermometer to 120 degrees. Temperatures higher than this will kill off the good bacteria in the starter that make the yogurt.
Share an evening with your family as you experience the music, shops, food and fun in the picturesque Irish town of Killarney. Who knows what treasures will be yours–you might just find the pot of gold at the end of a rainbow! Visit the Adventures by Disney hospitality desk for recommendations.
This wouldn’t hold true for Marty. I can’t imagine Marty doing anything heroic because that would require him to put someone else before himself. Marty is too selfish and egotistical for that. He ruins lives around him. He has little or no regard for anyone else. I don’t believe there’s any hope for Marty.
~ Most people will assume you think you are better than them. Again not true, and don't care. Neither of you are better, you are simply travelling along a different path. Different strokes and all that.
Lollipop Sticks
Because support for New Ways Ministry was mentioned in this document as one of the factors leading up to this doctrinal investigation of LCWR, Francis DeBernardo, Executive Director of New Ways Ministry issued the following statement today:
Phoomph! Or foomp! Or blib!
But the most important thing to learn from this is tolerance and acting within the boundaries of rationality. Lumping every American of Arab descent into the mold of Islamic jihad is not fair, and not what I want this nation to become accustomed to doing. I know many and have worked with them over the years, they bleed red, white, and blue, just like any American. Even like Pam Geller.
Local crime came to a considerable standstill as the two biggest instigators found themselves more and more occupied with the new loves in their lives. Ryan began considering the idea of giving up his life of crime in order to put his personal knowledge of criminal behavior to better use in the form of local security management, while Keith found himself taken under George’s wing with the intent of grooming him to take over the mayorship when the time came.
Just as the week of insane storms finishes we get snow.
“There will be no (price) hikes,” Mantega told reporters as he arrived at the ministry’s offices in Brasília.
A leper. A man whose appearance was most likely abhorrent. An outcast. He begged Jesus to make him clean. He fell – how must that have hurt with exposed nerve endings – or not if they were already rotted away. On his face, assuming his rightful place before Jesus. Bowed low. Even his request is humble. “…if you are willing…” He gave Jesus an easy out to say no if He wanted.
84. Sehun really like dancing, he has fast dance moves.
13 - Bobby Helms - Fraulein - 2:54
It’s really quite incredible how simply referencing something from someone’s past can have such a powerful effect – and it’s not just games that play on this, as nostalgia is used and abused in many aspects of modern society. Television channels like GOLD exist purely to broadcast constant re-runs of much-loved shows from yesteryear, and retro fashion is becoming ever more popular. Heck, at times, it’s probably even considered more ‘hip’ to look old fashioned than it is to be wearing the latest trends (I’m totally down with the kids, me). And let’s not forget that advertising takes advantage of nostalgia all the time – notable examples being the recent return of the Tetley tea folk, that absolutely insane Müller advert with all the Mr Men and Hanna-Barbera characters (seriously, what were they smoking when they made that?), and one of the biggest culprits of all, the infamous Coke advert that plays on our small screens every single year in the run up to Christmas (which I expect we’ll be seeing again very soon!). All of this begs the question – why do we have such a fondness for things from the past?
A complete nightmare of a day! The reason why I have neglected my blog. Would have normally posted 3 or 4 posts by now.
Lo and behold, I understood it. Not every sentence mind you, but I understood the author's argument and his central purpose. I was amazed, not in small measure because of the fact that not only was I understanding the text, but I was understanding it even while getting up every six minutes to fulfill a kid request (another scone, more smoothie, better straw, wet paper towel, please).
The other puzzling aspect of this case is that the wife supposedly endured 21 years of a sexless marriage before deciding to call it a day. That’s a hell of a long time to realise that something is amiss in your relationship. It makes me wonder whether she was really celibate for all those years. Most wives in her situation would invite their tennis instructor home to practice his serve-and-volley, soon to be followed by the postman, the plumber and the hard-hatted workman with a tool belt.
another living soul
Google images of White girls being marched into schools with Africans at bayonet point, google a list of the FORCED integration of schools; anti-Whites forcing non-White immigration into every White country, making it illegal to have a White town or business, force integrating Marin country, CA. Mandating that every White business hire a minimum number of non-Whites. Constantly implementing “diversity” policies to get more non-Whites into every White country, school, business and organization etc…
How, when the midnight signal tolls,
ALL OF THEM asked me the same question: Do you have any chronic, non-cancerous pain?
2 carrots, peeled and diced
cause obviously I’m not religious or believing in god.
12562 SW Main St
Not so.
Perhaps now is a good time to invest in Puerto Rico.
The SLF is here for exactly this reason…. if you have a problem with your vendor, who do you go to? The boss, well with me, that’s ME. But because I’m an SLF member, you now have over 40 other members dedicated to your satisfaction and to stand behind my product. And as a member, I’m standing behind the work of every other member … which we do not do lightly because if they screw up, it’s on us as well.
I'm fixing it. Aforementioned massage guy, who works with lots and lots of crazy runners, said something to me the other day that pretty much smacked me in the head. He said (and I can't remember, so I'll paraphrase) that I need to start running as just one thing that I do, not because I'm a runner, but because I'm a healthy person who likes exercise and values being fit. It may be my favorite, but it's not the only thing in my life and it will no longer be the thread that holds my sanity together. He's right. I don't know how it got to that point - holy crap, probably millions of times I've thought back to when I intensely hated the very idea of running, and wondered how the heck I could evolve into a creature so dependent on it. But that's done. Running is a part of the whole picture. Running is something I enjoy. And it's turned into this ugly monster that is fueled by numbers and desperate fights for PR's and training plans. Not that any of those things are bad - they're great in their place. But for me and my brain, running has become much more of a big deal than it should be. It's turned into an obsession that didn't feel unhealthy at all until it was gone and I probably would've sold my soul to the devil for a good 15-miler.
What is it that makes people shy away from the gut wrenching? And I don't mean watching a sad movie or the news. I mean the real grit and dirt of life. What is it that makes people flinch from real things? Things like real love, passion, having babies, death, spirituality, ethics, race, people... the list could go on and on. And it isn't the discussing of these things so much as the living of them. Talk is cheap. (See what I mean about cliches? That is a good one.)
But it creates hurdles in social settings.
Next up we'll be sewing our bra back closures. As discussed earlier I'm using a vintage French bra back closure. If you'd like to use one like mine, then you're in luck! My beautiful plush lingerie elastic arrived in the mail and I've been dying to show you what I was planning for it!
Education – Life Preparation
and I never missed it.
Am I the looney man?
First I thought I would talk about how uncommon common sense is,
–Author Aaron Levie is the CEO and cofounder of Box.
That's exactly what happened to this young man last night. He was left alone to entertain himself, fend for himself, rationalize his lack of food, and navigate the challenges of structure and rules when he was feeling angry and uncertain. That is hard to do for adults, let alone children. If his mom had been able to put her own oxygen mask on first - to take a step back, clear her mind, take a breath, and think in context from a place of calm rationality - she would have been better equipped to help her child deal with what he was feeling. She did it with her daughter, after all; once her son went to class and she put down her Blackberry, she was much better and more calm.
I sit down at a table
But I knew where I was going. I knew I was leaving one thing behind, and moving to St. Marys, Ohio, to begin my youth ministry. I knew the salary I'd receive, and the home we'd be living in. I was moving out in faith, but I had the destination all mapped out for me.
Michelle Harrison’s novel is chilling and surprising as the story twists and turns to a final gut churning ending. Readers who have enjoyed Long Lankin by Lindsey Barraclough or Into the Grey by Celine Kiernan will really enjoy Unrest, highly recommended.
$0.40 off Pillsbury of Grands! Sweet Rolls
Chapter 12 is similar to Chapter 11 and 13. This one, however is used by farmers as well as their families. Farmers are never able to predict what their profits will be for the year. For this reason, chapter 12 will have different guidelines suited for farmers, but will also consist of a proposed repayment plan.
No answer, only the swish
The particular customs and manners that may happen to be received in that state? It is difficult to determine on the standard by which the manners of a nation may be tried, whether catholic, or particular. It is more difficult for a native to bring to that standard the manners of his own nation, familiarized to him by habit. There must doubtless be an unhappy influence on the manners of our people produced by the existence of slavery among us. The whole commerce between master and slave is a perpetual exercise of the most boisterous passions, the most unremitting despotism on the one part, and degrading submissions on the other. Our children see this, and learn to imitate it; for man is an imitative animal. This quality is the germ of all education in him. From his cradle to his grave he is learning to do what he sees others do. If a parent could find no motive either in his philanthropy or his self love, for restraining the intemperance of passion towards his slave, it should always be a sufficient one that his child is present. But generally it is not sufficient. The parent storms, the child looks on, catches the lineaments of wrath, puts on the same airs in the circle of smaller slaves, gives a loose to the worst of passions, and thus nursed, educated, and daily exercised in tyranny, cannot but be stamped by it with odious pecularities. The man must be a prodigy who can retain his manners and morals undepraved by such circumstances. And with what execration should the statesman be loaded, who, permitting one half the citizens thus to trarnple on the rights of the other, transforms those into despots, and these into enemies, destroys the morals of the one part, and the amor patriae of the other. For if a slave can have a country in this world, it must be any other in preference to that in which he is born to live and labour for another; in which he must lock up the faculties of his nature, contribute as far as depends on his individual endeavours to the evanishment of the human race, or entail his own miserable condition on the endless generations proceeding from him. With the morals of the people, their industry also is destroyed. For in a warm climate, no man will labour for himself who can make another labour for him. This is so true, that of the proprietors of slaves a very small proportion indeed are ever seen to labour. And can the liberties of a nation be thought secure when we have removed their only firm basis, a conviction in the minds of the people that these liberties are of the gift of God? That they are not to be violated but with his wrath? Indeed I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just: that his justice cannot sleep for ever: that considering numbers, nature and natural means only, a revolution of the wheel of fortune, an exchange of situation is among possible events: that it may become probable by supernatural interference! The almighty has no attribute which can take side with us in such a contest. But it is impossible to be temperate and to pursue this subject through the various considerations of policy, of morals, of history natural and civil. We must be contented to hope they will force their way into every one’s mind. I think a change already perceptible, since the origin of the present revolution. The spirit of the master is abating, that of the slave rising from the dust, his condition mollifying, the way I hope preparing, under the auspices of heaven, for a total emancipation, and that this is disposed, in the order of events, to be with the consent of the masters, rather than by their extirpation.
ISBN: 978-978-50920-9-7
Judge Shira has spoken, and Viktor Bout has been sentenced to 25 years in federal prison. The fact that this is the minimum sentence mandated by law ought to tell you something about what the judge thinks of the federal government’s case. In her remarks at sentencing, Judge Scheindlin came just about close to calling it outright entrapment as judicial ethics will permit:
I am not alone in my opinion of this album, either. Evan Sawdey (writer for PopMatters) had the following to say: “this is the sound of Death Cab at their most generic, disjointed, and disinterested. It’s a hard pill to swallow, but the truth is this: Codes & Keys is the worst album of their career”.
For more than four decades Robert Adams has photographed the geography of the American West, finding there a fragile beauty that endures despite our troubled relationship with nature, and with ourselves.
"That's a...." I began to say.
And though I weep because those sails are tattered,
Do you LOVE tea...like me? I've sort of become a tea fiend in the last couple of years... I'm not shy about my tea addiction either... come and look in my pantry anytime... and you will see no less than 100 different types, flavors and kinds of teas...
Hi guys! I've been completely MIA once again. My Instagram gets updated once in awhile though. My days have been so packed. The month of April had its share of both happy & sad events, mostly positive though! Lots & lots of festivals too. You guys will see that after I find time to go through the photos. & I still need to send out the packages to my winners, don't worry I didn't forget about you guys! & Still no nails, I just haven't been in the mood to do them again. I did cherry blossom nails, but they started to chip before I could take proper photos. I've been swatching nail sticks though! I've also been itching to do some prom inspired nail art. Is prom season pretty much over already? The latest prom I know is this weekend.
Don W.
The Clockwork Beer Co on the south side has recently acquired a new brewer, Declan McCaffrey who has previously been at BrewDog and Offbeat. I have wanted to like the Clockwork, as it’s not far from my flat and has a beer garden (a rarity in Glasgow), but the beer had been less than good there for several years, not bad in itself but far too often served oxidised and in poor condition. It was a matter of some disappointment to me because I remembered how good the intensely bitter Red Alt and the sulphury Lager had been when Robin and Gay Graham were in charge back in the day.
go on and walk away
However, this wouldn’t be much of a story if all went according to plan.
There are many health benefits to using colloidal silver. For instance, medical uses of silver are used in hospitals for the medical treatment of people who have suffered by burns. By using colloidal silver, the growth of scar tissue can be prevented. This is because of its proven ability to stimulate the regeneration of human cells in the skin.
What you experience in this opera is therefore something almost miraculously authentic. It is similar to the way Puccini captures the emotional truth of Rodolfo at the end of La Boheme when he realises Mimi is dead - those stark horns evoke in one precise stroke one's own memories of the moment a loved one died: that was it, that was how it felt, that is it exactly. This particular form of genius is reserved for only the most empathetic of operatic composers - something that no writer or visual artist can convey with such instant visceral impact.
This is pretty much my day in chronological order. Insert a bunch more crazy stuff and performances in between some pictures though.
Break your shell
But the 99 Cent Store Produce Challenge (oooh – I think I just came up with a name for it!) will have to wait, because I decided not to pass up the Burbank Farmer’s Market, which was one block away from the gym. It’s in the parking lot behind City Hall – here’s a shot of it from the next door parking garage:
Mark D. Hindy, 28, New York, N.Y.
3. Essence Carson – New York Liberty
Bearing in mind that The Jerk and Enchanted did this sort of thing so much better, Elf is a fine fish-out-of-water comedy. Will Ferrell is amusing as Buddy, as is Caan as his father. Peter Dinklage is a highlight, whilst Zooey Deschanel is in this movie. I don't like watching Elf because Deschanel's scenes with Ferrell make me jealous. Everything else feels vaguely predictable but hard to dislike. Even Will Ferrell's now overdone screaming childishness fits the role. Individual scenes are enjoyable, such as Buddy's snowball warfare expertise and his interactions with Dinklage.
The UN Humanitarian Coordinator for Somalia, Mark Bowden, voiced similar concern that the country could “easily slip back into very severe conditions,” unless the current levels of assistance and support are maintained.
Human Nature : Machine Ecology By Ian Bailey
Faler’s work has become an exercise in “unfunctional” design. You can look at one of her works, you can see it is a wall or a sink or a shelf, but you can also see that there’s no way, as realized by Faler, that it could possibly work for the purpose it was originally designed, and that’s something that makes Faler laugh.
The proposal of this movie is worth only for a soul mate or a best friend. The proposal on New Year’s Eve (BTW the second day with more proposal in the year) is one of the best proposal scene ever written.
Jews are Divine, Sanhedrin 58b. If a heathen (Gentile) hits a Jew, the Gentile must be killed. Hitting a Jew is the same as hitting God.
Benefits and features:- Clinically proven to reduce colic
Along the way, we stopped to take photos of the Matanuska Glacier.
Wednesday- 7 miles with some speed. Strength/weight training.
To go with the Time Machine, you need a clock. A good, reliable clock.
Full marks for anyone who guessed it was a hand held English Wheel.
Those 545 people, and they alone, are responsible.
First Quarter: East Region
"He will take you to a large upper room, furnished and ready. Make preparations for me there."
Primera Division Campeonato de Apertura 2012, third round
Calling! God has placed a calling in our hearts, on the depth of our soul is a calling. Never doubt God that you are called just to be born and die (sabi nga, isang marka ka lang sa census ng Pilipinas)! We all have a calling – never doubt that. We are far better people called by God to unleashed our potentials. He has a plan for us better than our plans for ourselves. So it follows that no heartaches, rejection, past, and fear can hinder that calling. May paglalagyan ka!
with no drowning. He has gone to its fiesta.
Most of the above are on my agenda… I even saw some water butts today, measured them and found a good location for them. Instead of taking the next natural step in parting with cash we walked away and bought some seeds and now have a garden deck area littered with brightly coloured pots. Soon to be full of floating seeds. Now we patiently await the dry season…. Regarding that four letter word, Work, my job hunt continues… steadily and surely.
‘Follow me,’ the man says almost lazily, bringing me back to the present. ‘And wipe your tears. It is drawing too much attention from the crowd.’
A recent LinkedIn survey of 7,000 of their members found that 84% believe in career luck. Both Napoleon Bonaparte and former U.S. president Dwight D. Eisenhower were quoted as saying they preferred a lucky general to a smart one. I mean, why is it that some people always manage to be in the right place at the right time?
Anyway, if we're not already friends on facebook, please friend me. I'd love to hear your updates and keep in touch even if the blog is set on silent.
Yet teaching isn’t as simple as “Listen and you will learn” either. Sometimes students’ perverse desire to disagree isn’t perverse at all but central and necessary. You won’t learn if you aren’t ready, but being too acquiescent can be just as devastating. I once met with a student who wanted to know why she wasn’t making an “A” in my class. I affirmed her writing’s technical expertise but told her that, to develop her thinking, she had to do more than parrot discussion. She needed to offer fresh and independent observations and insights.
I look only to you for guidance, day after day.
in this bargain bin of a winter, she’s scared of pigeons.
We departed early Saturday morning, to begin our six hour trek to Tofino.
It’s not just the TTC that I’m talking about though. The city of Toronto is, as a fact, the most diverse city in the world. I happen to live in Little Serbia. I can walk down the street and hear Serbian being spoken, there’s a bar called YuRock (Yugoslavia) near me but there are also shops owned by Lebanese people, Afghani people, Chinese people, Greek people, Serbs and even plain old European white people all within 3-minute walking distance of my apartment. I walk down the street a little and the street signs are now printed in the Greek alphabet, a little further down, there is no English at all, just Chinese and South Asian, a bit further and I’m in Little India. This is all within 30 minutes walking distance from my apartment, in a small section of the city. I work right beside the financial district, I see power-brokers with $10,000 suits walking by homeless people sleeping on subway vents. There are three universities and four colleges here, University of Toronto is always ranked No. 1 in Canada and in the top 10 in the world. We have one of the biggest pride parades in the world and one of the most inclusive societies too — our terrible mayor notwithstanding. You can walk five minutes from the core and be in a green park. Everything important in Canada is based in Toronto.
In ancient societies, surrounding the early Jews, it was believed that by granting sexual favours to the high priest (a fertility rite), one would be guaranteed an abundance of children and crops.
Many employees come back from the holiday break with a renewed ambition to do their best. So take advantage of this opportunity to channel this energy into your marketing plan. After all, marketing your organization is everybody’s business.
Our brick has been removed to expose weatherboard and already I think the house looks better, even with the weatherboard being dirty (well if you use a bit of imagination of how it will be with new deck, cleaned and painted).
10.Full Moon
Thanks to those who subscribed to my personal blog too. I find this blogging phenomenon very strange and peculiar (I really don’t get why Jezebel used my personal blog as source, but I still love that magazine to death). But, as long as this important message gets out there and changes people’s mind about things, I’m a happy camper.
Actually, before I facepalm myself into a state of blissful unconsciousness over the incredible level of stupidity embodied by this conference, allow me to seriously address the entire question of geocentricity. I wish to do so because of two reasons: 1) if these pseudoscientists are holding a conference, they are attempting to get more media attention and must thus be countered; and 2) it seems that a whopping 18% of people in the United States actually believe the Earth is the center of the universe (which is far too many)! So here goes…
A towzie tyke (A rough dog), black, grim, and large,
Initiate Pack ($15):
1374 *D-III/18(A)/2001. “Sister Candida Lund, O.P. (1920-2000).” Dedication, Works of the Mind Lecture, The Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2002(6), above.) See Item B-15 (Projected), above, p. 429 (2004).
Lord Fuckington drank deep. The reception he had received on his entrance was much more fitting his station and he had all but forgotten the odd stable boy. He had been addressed respectfully and given everything he had asked for, the best meat and an endless supply of ale and mead. His table overlooked the entire inn, a respectful distance from the ruckus ways of the peasants but not so far away that he couldn’t appreciate their frivolity. It was the kind of occasion where he enjoyed their presence, whilst they drank away their miserable existences and pretended for a time that they mattered. It was an act put on for his benefit, a play with multiple recurring parts put on for an audience of only he. He was certain that if he wasn’t there to watch that they would all be lolling about drowning in sorrow and drink. But, oh, when a Lord or Lady was in attendance, then it was time to rejoice. Without him and his kind their lives would be completely without meaning. He took great pleasure in the thought. He took in the sight greedily. Sated with food and drink it was time to seek out another pleasure. The female attendants, alas, were largely displeasing to the eye, and the men not much better. Besides, after his run in with the doe it was a woman he craved. If he had to have one of these plain looking creatures, as long as they were not terribly, terribly ugly, he would have to be content. He would still take his pound of flesh and more and it was within the flesh, in all its form and potential, that lay the ultimate pleasure, to make no mention of what lay beneath.
In related news, find out the loudest animal in the world, listeners send in their animal related horror stories (most of which seemed to revolved around the same zoo funny enough!), and there are 3 bacon related taste tests on offer, courtesy of Dan the bacon man.
I hadn’t realized how much time passed since I had posted anything until I opened my “Inspiration” iPhoto album and balked at how many photos I had accrued without making a corresponding makeup look. I’ve been wanting to post a deep-indigo-and-white look for a while since coming across this beautiful floral shot. Indigo is one of those beautiful colors that is often overlooked and excluded from the basic spectrum — so without further ado, let’s give indigo a moment in the spotlight.
“This room of yours looks as if a tornado went through it.”
The Plot of Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire:
Their freedom became an issue for anti-war activist Cindy Sheehan at the 2006 Caracas World Social Forum. On March 4, she carried her commitment to campaign to free them to Ireland and Sweden.
Matt Simpson from the ACLUTX said the Legislature should get a chance to evaluate the proposed feasibility study before implementation in order make an informed decision, given that the scope of authority, etc., is uncertain even according to the expert testimony. That sounds to me like a terrific suggestion. Evaluate the study you're mandating before leaping into this. Simpson also suggested that the state look at the cost-benefit analysis for federal checkpoints - how much cash they receive vs. expenses, etc. - before assuming that southbound checkpoints will generate profit. Another good point.
So, if you are ready to begin, let me take you by the hand and take you into another world.
“Say you’ve got a _______ who needs __________ for _________……………..Even before you start, you need to make some judgements…………. You have to decide which ____________ to use or whether to abandon the ____________approach and do _________ the traditional way………..Then you’d have to decide whether you need additional ___________ or maybe it’s time to enlist _________.”
Do you have a fire plan?
Day and Blink182 songs together for a while, so I asked him and some of
A World of Trouble by Patrick Tyler ($18.00, Farrar, Straus and Giroux, softcover) is a great book for those interested in both American politics and the on-going strife in the Middle East. It is subtitled “The White House and the Middle East—from the Cold War to the War on Terror.” Tyler has reported extensively from both the Middle East and Washington, D.C. for The New York Times and The Washington Post. He is a splendid historian, documenting how presidents from Eisenhower to Bush were continually confounded by events and personalities in the Middle East. Some had some experience to draw upon, others knew little of the region and its history. LBJ was distracted by the war in Vietnam, most tried and failed to resolve the hostility of Israel’s neighbors to its very existence. In sum, this book, page by page, is filled with the insider details of the Oval office and its advisors who grappled, year after year, decade after decade with a region operating from seventh century attitudes and practices. In a comparable fashion, I enjoyed Great Negotiations: Agreements that Changed the Modern World by Fredrik Stanton ($26.00, Westholme Publishing, Yardley, PA). There have clearly been and still are times when all the sanctions and negotiations cannot deter a nation hell bent on war or some other mischief. That said, history is filled with examples where negotiations have averted conflict or secured the end of a conflict. The author takes one on a tour of diplomacy in the modern area from the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962, back to the Treaty of Versailles after World War One that created many of the problems with us today. From Benjamin Franklin who secured vital French support for the American Revolution to Reagan and Gorbachev laying the groundwork to eliminate an entire class of nuclear weapons, the author explains what each party brought to the negotiating table, the stakes, the obstacles to success, and how they were overcome.
Like Boss (see my review here), another heavy political show but focused on city government, Homeland is a fun ride but the destination may be a disappointment. It would be interesting to compare Homeland to the original Israeli series it is based on.
And since Thursday, when the thought of ending this obsessive foray into veganism first crossed my mind, I have been able to hear Him so easily in the spaces of each anxious breath, urging me to quiet my thoughts and turn them to Him. You are safe with Me, I hear over and over. You are forgiven. You are loved.
The fragile little limbs.
love exists.
Open 10 - 5, 7 days a week
The upside is with the exception of one project (you know who you are! I am still working on it!) I don't dawdle as much with my writing and, while I might write something horrible and have to rewrite, I don't sit waiting for the muses to take me away.
Rocky (aka “Little Buddy”) is a fighter. Though he’s confined to life in his own 2-bedroom basement apartment, his needs as an attention whore get satisfied daily and he enjoys being spoiled. He even likes – and demands by standing next to the sink and getting really vocal – a nightly bath so he can maintain his status as the world’s softest cat.
Óli: guitar, handclaps, cowbell and a drumkick
We just had one really big problem with getting the girls to the car. We had to turn in the double stroller and were just left with the one. We had to wake Lyric up to walk-thankfully she was groggy, but okay with it. Story and Cadence on the other hand both lost it when we woke them up! They both screamed for several minutes! I ended up carrying Cadence and Devon pushed Story in the stroller. They were both miserable while we waited for the ferry! Luckily, they calmed down on the ferry ride. We then had to catch the tram to drive us to our car. By the time we made it to the car we were all exhausted!
It took a while to get that wall down… some of the pieces needed some extra muscle to get rid of… and every now and again I still trip over pieces of that wall that I have over looked…. but…. with my Faith In God…and His Faithfulness to me…. those walls are almost down to good soil, tilled and ready to receive the Love of God and everything that goes with that… Trusting Him… the strength of my heart…. Psalm 73:26
The colorist, Hunter, talked her through the process of choosing a color – just one. Then she spent a long while unscrambling the egg, as it were. By then word had spread through the salon that a good deed was in progress and a stylist, Paloma, donated a cut and style.
We’ve tried many, many forms… new ones, old ones, and trial therapies. none of them have ever been effective enough to continue based on doctors and therapist reports.
Seriously, it takes faith to trust God’s diversity. He sure uses “interesting” people.
Ten minutes after he went outside, all hell broke loose. Contractions started coming every three minutes and I could barely see straight the pain was so intense. I tried calling my sister, but she wasn't answering her phone. I had no idea what to do. I went outside and started yelling for my husband to come in, but he couldn't hear me over the din of the pitching machine and the cracks of his homerun hits. I started crying in absolute fear and so did Sylvia and Johnny. All I could imagine was me trying to drive myself to the hospital with two kids in tow while in a constant state of contractions. After several minutes of fruitless screaming of my husband's name, I finally called him on his cell phone and lo and behold, he answered it. I said "The baby is coming, right now." He rushed inside and we waddled (actually I was the only one waddling) out to the car. Seeing as how we didn't have Sylvia's carseat, we had to cram her into the rear-facing infant carrier. Poor thing. She was all smiles though so at least that part was easy. The hard part...what were we going to do with the kids? Obviously, from my track record, we probably had less than an hour before the arrival of Alex.
What do these beers have in common? They were all poured at the Gents holiday party. All the regular Gents were there including Original Gent, Weston, all the way from his new outpost of China. We also welcomed Mrs. JJSKCK, Chambord and Mrs. Yeti to the mix. We were also joined by my friend Lee from I Love Beer and his wife Margaret. They were up from Austin for Christmas and were able to peel away from the family for an evening. We partied it up in The Foundry's upstairs party room which is like a cool retro beer lover's basement. It was the perfect room for our get together which was just going to be a beer drinking fiesta. Everyone was to bring whatever they wanted and we got quite the variety of beers.
Tons of love, your wifey B
Not a bad start, but I've got some Avery and a few others. We're going to try and squeeze in a trip to Gingerman to run through the Anchors Christmas beers going back to 2005. Stay Tuned.
A bit of history: I’d been planning to go to the College of Santa Fe in New Mexico for creative writing, but after getting sick and being diagnosed with Crohn’s during senior year of high school, this plan was nixed and I had to hurriedly apply to anyone who would take me that wasn’t too far from my doctor. The University of Texas at Dallas accepted me on short notice.
"I'll never give up my hounds," said Tom doggedly.
So here's your challenge today...GET UP and GO DO something!!
That sounds great, but the reality is that it’s not so simple. The language of science and technology is very masculine and hirearchical and unless there is a concerted effort to actively include them, women continue to get lost in the shuffle. A paragraph allows for (potential) equality, but not equity.
As ever, in 2012, Awfully Big Reviews will bring you a mix of specially chosen books for children and for young people.
I made a statement to the Advisory Commission on Childhood Vaccines (ACCV) and questioned whether the compensation program is fatally flawed and so broken that it should be repealed. Many parents are wondering whether it would be better to return to civil court without restrictions to sue vaccine manufacturers and doctors for injuries and deaths their children suffered after receiving federally recommended vaccines.
On Monday, May 17th I'll be hitting in midtown with a new configuration that I'm really looking forward to. Roberto Romeo (of Roberto's Winds) has been producing a Monday Night series at Rosie O'Grady's on 46th Street. He's been bringing in some great bands. I saw Donny McCaslin's trio, Loren Stillman's band, Greg Osby's sextette and a quartet led by drummer Jonathan Blake that featured Mark Turner and Jaleel Shaw.
Illustration: I don’t like to be a needy or arrogant person when I help people out, but I do like to receive a small thank-you if I went out of my way to help someone out. I understand that people forget sometimes, but especially if they had plenty of time they could have thanked you, they really should. Have you ever worked for someone and never even received a thanks? It does not feel good, and God wants our thanks to him.
“Right now, there’s no good evidence stem cells can do the job,” senior author Dr. Victor Dzau, a James B. Duke professor of medicine and chancellor of health affairs at Duke University, told FoxNews.com.
M.A.M.S.,M.I.G.O.F.(Germany),
The image I used is one that I won from Sassy Studio Designs. I am so in LOVE with her images. I have a few now so I am sure that you will be seeing a lot more of them in my future posts.
will include an absolutely totally sooper 100% free
my custard never fucking curdles
A: Since I got the basic premise from my real life, Chanti and her mom were inspired by my mother and me, though the book is not autobiographical and the characters are quite different than us. Chanti’s mom is a lot stricter than mine was, and I was more practical and sensible than Chanti – I had to grow up before I found my sense of adventure. Marco, Chanti’s love interest, was inspired by all the boys I crushed on in my teens who didn’t know I existed. Bethanie – I’m not quite sure where Bethanie came from – I guess I just conjured her up. I had great friends as a teen, but ex-juvenile delinquent MJ is the friend I never had but wish I did – there never would have been a dull moment and I’d always have good backup in a fight.
So we have a guy in a war zone who cracks, and he must be executed immediately. But this Muslim psychiatrist who was stateside in a nice safe office all day murders 13, wounds 29 of our own guys, and they try to argue the poor lad suffered post-traumatic stress syndrome, from listening to real soldiers who had actual battle experience. Two and a half years later, they still haven’t tried the murderous bastard.
'What would you say if you were writing a poem about Bubbles?' I ask.
Super-spies vs. vampires? Yes, please! Night’s Black Agents (NBA) from Pelgrane Press takes this concept and cranks it to eleven. Kenneth Hite (@kennethhite) has taken the GUMSHOE system and run off to battle otherworldly horrors with it. My cursory reading of the rules has me excited to see what the system is capable of.
They girls slept from 10:30-ish to about 7am, with the exception of one of them who called her Mom at 11pm and went home homesick. And one that left at 9 who wasn't planning on staying the night. We made it through with very little drama and the girls were picked up at 10am. All in all, not a horrible experience.
**I remember well the sense of various lines of thought coming together, that evening, in the moment, and talking this idea over with him. It seemed that he appreciated being a catalyst, and he knew he was, as much as I enjoyed it. He loved the exchange of ideas and synthesis of his thoughts and my own. This was somehow a key moment for us; something intangible quality shared that also came into focus, along with our ideas. We began, I think then to recognize our ability to complement each other, to both challenge and support our thinking. Maybe it is/was just synchronicity - or maybe it's more than that.
I need to condition myself to live –
The American way....
Presenting printed material
Sometimes I wonder if, after Boh is in my arms, will I look back and wonder if I appreciated being pregnant enough? I was saying this to Ted last night and neither of us can see how we could be appreciating and enjoying it anymore than we are. I can't even put into words how happy this little girl makes us, how much I love rubbing my belly, looking down at it and looking at it in mirrors. Every movement I feel makes me smile. I wake up at night, go to the bathroom and lie in bed awake hoping to feel her move because I haven't felt it in a few hours and I miss it already.
As I read the various comments that have been made, I wonder what has happened to the leadership of this sport over the years? Because when I look at traditional track powers like Britain, Russia and Cuba, I see the legends of the sport from their countries actively involved to help move the sport forward with Sebastian Coe, Sergei Bubka and Alberto Juantorena all in major roles within the sport.
Park Cheol Min as Pil Dong
Computer (without Internet) 6.3%
Later we attended the awards ceremony. There was a beer garden which we partook in. There was dancing, too. Yeah, I couldn’t help myself. It was very fun.
Also, be sure to check out our Pinterest! We have boards specifically for Gardening Tips & Tricks and Fun Gardening Projects! Want to contribute your own ideas, pictures, or articles? Send us an email, tweet at us @Tap_Roots, or post on our Facebook page with your contribution!
This urban fairy tale is a very entertaining films and the action is almost constant. The Robesons are a really over-the-top pair of villains but while Daddy is a psychoidiot in a gimp suit Mommy is just a downright evil bitch. I remember that the actors played a very similar married couple in Twin Peaks but not quite so crazy. There is very little graphic gore despite the film being about cannibals under the stairs. I always have fun watching this film
Towards the core
“When are you going to write a real book?” (As opposed to the fake one you’re holding right now?)
He has been so unimpressive in a Blueshirt. When he was on the Minnesota Wild, he actually had a little skating in him and a nice hard shot to justify his ice time. He was slimmer; quicker; and won every fight handily.
I am in charge of America at the moment, and have been for some time.
no, no...maggie and her man zeke are still going strong :) but other than zeke and her MAIN man (daddy of couse) the other man miss maggie loves is elmo! i'm telling you i believe she would watch sesame street ALL DAY long! she loves watching sesame street, all of it, but when elmo's world
FDA is issuing the Warning Letters because the Agency’s position is that the products named in the Warning Letters are being marketed in violation of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FFDCA).
Sunday was amazing. I didn´t do anything really, just walked around Bilbao with my host mom (HM) and 2 of her friends. We had lunch at 2:30ish at some restaurant that charged 13€ for 2 dishes, wine, and dessert. I have never been so amazingly full in my life. ULTIMATE MMMM (in case you are curious, paella was my 1st dish and cow´s tail in some kind of sauce was my 2nd, of course wine, and then rice and milke..with cinnamon on top was my dessert)
She roared. The Wizard shook with fear, and Tessa saw that fire leaked from her mouth, dripping to the stone floor below. She had no idea how to use it, but when she spit, the burning eased. Her vision shifted and she saw magic differently. Magical confinements hung about the room, glittering up at her with black diamond eyes. She crushed them individually, tearing the magic apart with her claws.
Funny how it turns out all those good D-I schools happen to be in the MAC.
Here's the best part: You All! Thank you all for visiting me and encouraging me in all my endeavors! As I have mentioned before, I'm so thankful to have found this community of wonderful people who want to exchange ideas, art and encouragement. I love seeing what you do--the art, the beautiful pictures, the flea market finds, the furniture refinishing, the decorating and projects you are working on, and best of all, your wonderful spirits. I am inspired and empowered every day! Thank you so much!
Weight: 112 lbs! Gained about 2 lbs!!
1/4 cup sweet Marsala (or sherry, port or even sweet wine would be perfect)
The Oregon Garden Resort is offering two room packages: the Brewer's Dinner Package for $199 includes a room on Thursday night, two tickets to the Brewer’s Tasting Dinner, breakfast Friday morning, two tasting glasses, 10 tasting tickets and food vouchers for the fest. The Brewfest Package goes for $139/Thur and $169/Friday and includes all of the above except for the Brewer’s Dinner tickets. Saturday is sold out. Call 503-874-2500 to make reservations.
And the pillow got straight-line quilting with my walking foot, with variable-width gaps between the Vs. I kind of like how this one turned out, especially since I did wide spacing for the last couple Vs, and the quilting makes the whole thing want to curve up at the center, which is just right for a pillow, don't you think?
Eksuccess Mini Butterfly Punch
17k - The goal of world community with peace, liberty, and justice for all
I realized something very important over the next couple of days. I'd felt depressed, even suicidal, most of my life. My father died when I was seven, and to put it in the most ridiculously simple terms, that event seemed to set off the bio-chemical programming that came from his side of the family. I attempted suicide a couple of times as a teen. I sometimes thought things would be easier if I just died. I'd have moments when I would need to avoid a big knife because I wanted to turn it on myself, or a lake because I wanted to jump into it and never come out. This webpage geared for people considering suicide got it so right--I didn't actually want to die. What I wanted was the pain inside me to just stop, and I knew no other way to make that happen. I felt like I was a complete failure at life and, as I would morbidly joke later, the only objection would come when my mother had to clean up afterward.
TOTAL 1,317
Instructions: Make card from kraft cardstock, then round the bottom corners. Cut blue paper slightly smaller, round the bottom corners, sand the edges and adhere. Punch an upper crest border to striped paper and sand the edges. Cut a brown flower strip, sand the edges, and adhere the punched border to the bottom. Adhere the entire paper block to the card front. Cut a banner edge from striped paper, sand the edges and wrap twine around the middle of it. Adhere to the left side of the card. Cut around the top and two edges of a fabric vintage image, and adhere to the front. Tie a double bow from twine, adhere to the top of the vintage image and add a jewel to the center of it. Cut a banner edge to a striped paper strip, and sand the edges. Stamp the sentiment to it, then adhere tot he right side of the card. Thread a button with twine and adhere to the left side of the sentiment strip to finish.
(Note : Once the Fish Balls and Foo Chok are floating,
3. Start A Band (Duet With Keith Urban)
My friend and co-worker Molly and I were talking today and she told me that Cheryl Sandberg – Facebook’s COO – openly announced last week that she leaves the office at 5pm everyday. This is a refreshing, novel, and brave concept for a female leader to admit, especially to say that she uses the rest of her time to spend with her family.
You're on the road
For the purpose of this tutorial, I will not refer to the proper names, I will use the terms "base" and "tiles." I've also included pictures of what Pique Assiette tiles look like. There was a time when a Pique Assiette artist needed to know exactly how to cut the china but today they can be readily purchased pre-cut; simply mastering the cutting process takes a bit of time and for some not worth the effort. You can find hand-cut tiles in my Etsy Store under the China Mosaic Tile sub-heading.
The virtual cows contentedly moo in the fields.
At least the concept is intriguing: following the dream/nightmares of a man in the pre-dawn hours, presented in real time, and each of the songs is time-stamped. For roughly 42 minutes Roger muses over the same I-iv motif in 12/8 meter; sound effects and dialogue snippets abound, and if there’s a story in here, it’s not linear. He’s driving with his wife, they pick up a pair of hitchhikers and he attempts intercourse with one of them. His guilt is repaid by an attack by Arab terrorists who assault his wife, so he imagines himself away at Oktoberfest. He makes an attempt to save his marriage by moving out to the country, which soon goes awry. Then poof! He himself is a hitchhiker, eventually realizes that his problems aren’t that different from the rest of humanity, feels better, wakes up scared and is relieved to find his wife sleeping by his side.
So, first of all, each real estate deal goes through five stages of its life: due diligence, negotiation, pre-closing, closing and post-closing activities. Simple, isn’t it? But where do paralegals fit? Everywhere…Yes, I know, a paralegal is not involved in the negotiation process. However, who is drafting schedules to contracts most of the time? Who does revisions and prepares riders? You betcha – most of the time, it is you, the paralegal. So, you can’t bring the purchase price down because the property looks like a row of dilapidated shacks after a tornado when a seller insists that he is selling a modern shopping mall, but you can assist your attorney who, in this case, represents a buyer in preparing the contract that is in the best interest of your client, a buyer.
After I brought Party Time back down to earth, just when it looked like he were gonna stick his dick down that bastard's throat, in walks Fat Sandra, daughter of UncleDudley's on/off toothless hoor woman, Izzy Hoyland, with this dangerous looking Eastern European fella, who, on further inspection by me later, as the evening wore on, - I noticed - was sporting the wee sparrow tattoo on the flappy bit between his thumb and his forefinger.
But what shapes those appetites and desires? Not mere facts, or even persuasive arguments. What shapes those appetites and desires is story. And the part of us captivated by story is our imagination. So it is through imagination that I believe we can most closely approach the deepest parts of who we are, the longings, dreams and desires that shape us and drive us to behave in the ways that we do.
Try it.
Still conspire their juicy plans
Report: Microsoft to Unveil Spotify-like Music Service – Code-named Woodstock, Microsoft’s new streaming service will reportedly be playable from a browser, with support for Windows 8, Android, iOS and Xbox 360.
Yeah, he just got out of jail. I don’t think he still has a key though.
What have been the highs and lows of your week?
But of course, there are people who live their whole lives for the suffering of others. These people are amazing. Mother Teresa, I presume (I don't know much about her). Some people live their entire lives taking care of their sickly parents, or sickly children. They spare no expense on making themselves happy. I really respect these people.
translated from Chinese
Take a look!
9. Clouds (Nuages)
Curly kale (or any dark green cabbage like Savoy or Cavolo Nero)
My friends, although they think I am right to move on, think I should still be hopeful. One said its not black and white. If I do hear from him, I should meet up with him and see where it goes. Maybe he is overwhelmed with the move (I would be), maybe he met someone else, but in the end, he owes nothing to me. At most, maybe some courtesy to tell me after these weeks of him saying how much he wanted to see me, that he no longer did. But that is still a gray area. Maybe I will hear from him while he’s in town later this week. Maybe I’ll hear from him again when he moves here permanently. Like my friend said, its not black and white.
2.) American Vision - Gary DeMar and company are making much of YouTube as well providing some great articles on a wide assortment of topics. Not afraid to take on the hard issues.
I can’t believe I am averaging one post a month now. This is unacceptable!
Oh-oh, I got dem party political blues
When I had to get glasses
1442 **D-X/22/2002. “Orestes, His Companion Pylades, and the Nature of Justice.” Faculty Workshop, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2003(2), above, pp. 765-72.)
5. Add the Versatile Blogger Award to your blog post.
I’m at the picnic spot at Weary Bay beach. It’s just after sunset and I can see the Southern Cross in the sky. Every time I see the ‘Cross, I think of Lillian and all my other kids in Rocky. And Ella, our Grand-daughter. I feel their beautiful souls and hope they know that I love them so.
There hadn't been wildflowers on our walk to Eagle Lake, so I didn't feel so bad that day about not bringing my camera along. This day I left it in the car again ! and here, where we lost the trail that wandered over vast granite slabs, blooming pussypaws and purplish succulents were growing out of crevices, and red-orange pillows of moss made a splash in the shade of a downed tree. This picture is from another place and time, but I didn't want to leave anyone wondering what the flower looks like.
Working in a cubicle environment has been one of the most challenging experiences of my career. When you’ve had your own office for 20 years, it’s hard to go back to working in a tight 4×5 space.
Happy Wednesday Crafty Friends! Welcome to another Sneaky Peek with My Creative Time and Emma's Design Team. For today's Project, I am showcasing the "You Are Perk-fect" Stamp Set. If you are Coffee Lovers like me, you will LOVE LOVE LOVE playing with the "You Are Perk-fect" Set! Emma really has a Crafty Love for all of us Crafters. She definately knows what works with our Crafty Projects. Let me start by showing you my Project for this Sneaky Peek.
Lately I am never impressed with music videos, maybe because they are always about the same thing.
Now some of us could conclude that this speaks to a lack of intelligence and self-preservation, but it really does give us a great example of perspective.
Color: Color
Field of Dreams
One bit of advice is to consider how much of the school year you want to cover. My first completed draft (the one I showed my editor) took place over the whole school year. She advised that the story was spread too thin, there were too many lapses in time with no mention of what had happened, and suggested that the tension and pacing would be served by tightening it up to a few months. She was absolutely right (as usual!).
i wonder if your keeper knows the way you shed
They have listened.
Can you picture the game of Statue? John tossing Mary … Kay landing sideways and having to hold it for, how long? How about Jump Rope? Do you remember the rhymes? Double rope? I’ll stick with one for now! I see the neighbors who aren’t jumping playing clapping games!
He pointed the finger at Tory leader Cameron for a ‘very soft deal’ for the banks.
But bling doesn't always have to be substantial - this pendant isn't substantial at all in that it's extremely light. I found it in a charity shop for a pound and liked its Mod 1960s vibe. It's stamped Peak Stainless England on the back. Don't know much about the maker but it's nice to have a piece of bling made in England.
If Administration is unsuccessful, it may well be that the public interest is best served by liquidating the assets of the company in order to pay HMRC what they are due. Selling Ibrox off for housing development could maximise the exigible proceeds as the absence of football crowds on match days would certainly increase local property values to the benefit of residents and investors alike.
Child neglect is the most frequently reported form of child abuse (63% of all cases) and the most lethal.
And just keep remembering how good you’re gonna feel when you’ve done it and it’s off your To Do List for good.
BUY THIS ISSUE NOW »
When you were growing up you were probably told by your parents “Don’t judge on first impressions” and “Never judge a book by its cover”. Well whether your parents were right or not isn’t important; what’s important is that you’ve been ignoring that advice ever since!
Regnans stiffened even more than usual. Nothing on him moved, apart from his eyes, which darted around quickly.
Yep another birthday! This time its big sons and he's reached the milestone of 16 - sweet in his own very special way!!
If you look at the combination of attacks on our terms & conditions, the constant media drip-feed of pantomime villain police stories, our apparent replacement by PCSO’s or private guards, the current labelling of all police officers as racist bandwagon and now yet another thing we can go to jail for (chasing criminals and rushing to emergencies) I really wonder if someone is trying to stop us doing our job.
recommendations from Amazon: 1
The first half of Beautiful Disaster is wonderful. It is fast-paced, intriguing, and everything else that a superb novel should be. The reader is introduced to a cast of characters that are both complex and lovable while keeping the reader curious about their motives in relationships. The relationship between Travis and Abby is, at first, what keeps the novel from becoming just another one of "those" books where the girl meets the bad boy and forgets any standards that she ever had. The fact that Abby is able to keep her standards and stand up for herself for the majority of the novel may be one of the best things about it. Another thing that makes Beautiful Disaster good is the unique setting - The Circle at Eastern University, where secret fights happen. This certainly adds intrigue and tension to the overall novel.
The singer’s response? Well, she was n’t amused. “Wow, how disappointing was that question,” she said in a video posted on the website. “I ‘m happy and I ‘m single, if that’s what you ‘re really asking”.
I ran 15km (9,32 miles). When i arrived home it was totally dark, here is the route.
I am not going to be on my own through a large portion of my trip, instead I am using the tour group Contiki, though I will be using separate week long stops through out, as well as a lightly guided 24 day trip on the Trans Siberian railroad. I would like to give points to the Contiki team who has been wonderful at keeping up with me as I add and delete and change my tour plans, they have kept up with me wonderfully, no matter how demanding I have become, as has the wonderful gentleman Matt from Monkey Shrine, who has been absolutely giving in the time that we have spent together creating the most amazing tour from St. Petersburg to Beijing that I have ever heard of.
above, you’d discover He didn’t say,” Let your light shine….” Rather, He said,
Readers want to be taken out of their normal everyday worlds whatever the genre - whether it be soap stories, romance, adventure, mystery, or thriller. These genres still need some 'out there' plotlines or at best some exageration (or almost unbelievable aspect) of everyday life. Even the soaps, meant to be a representation of ordinary folk and ordinary life, stretch our sense of credulity to the limit.
ii. required by national legislation or regulation, in order to combat money laundering and terrorist financing.*
my second child, which was 17 years ago.) I did a
You probably won’t believe me, but the universe conspired for me to make this recipe. :D
British accent. I need to acquire one. I’ve met quite a few bloggers now that live “across the pond”. There is one girl in particular that can say the SAME thing I do, but sounds so incredibly innocent and sweet while saying it. I am the exact opposite, so even acquiring a little may be a huge benefit.
Anyway, here’s the letter that prompted my musings. Stay safe! — Lenore
I saw this canvas at one of my favorite stores and seriously considered buying it for Coco's room. She is our Paris-grown baby, after all. But it was a pretty big canvas and I couldn't bear the thought of dragging it home --
Here's some things I like to do. These make sure I'm not asked out again and entertain me until I can go home, get drunk and booty-call my last boyfriend because I suddenly realized maybe he's not so bad after all.
-Sheamus is heavily favoring his left arm.
This track is pretty flat, so in order to work my leg muscles a bit harder I also use the treadmill to do hill repeats. Initially I planned to go to the You Yangs and climb up to Flinders peak, but the track is closed for renovations until later in the year.
I know some people are having problems with blogs that have the word verification turned on.
De Silva-Ranasinghe, Sergei “Civilian casualties, IDP camps and asylum-seekers. Interview with Father Rohan Silva,” in process with an international web site.
I’ve been quite keen on the previous two trailers, but Warner’s reveal this week of the third trailer for The Dark Knight Rises has not excited me as much as the previous two. Potentially this is due to the major street combat scenes that are given a fair chunk of time in the trailer.
2 tablespoons of olive oil (I used extra virgin but any would do)
I was so shocked I burst out laughing.
3.) Follow the cleansing -- of your face -- with one's favorite hydrating product. (Those of us who cannot live without our magic brush know how much more efficacious products are after we wash our faces with the help of our Clarisonics.)
Take a moment to write down some of the beliefs you have about reality. What do you believe to be true about your health, career, relationships, finances, spirituality, etc? Then go over the eight criteria above to see how they measure up. If you don’t like what you see, craft more effective beliefs to replace the old ones. Remember that your beliefs are not mere observations of reality — they shape and create your reality as well. Many of the thoughts you hold most sacred may reveal their hidden falsehoods once you take the opportunity to test one or two alternatives.
4 stalks celery, thinly sliced
So let's get on with it shall we!
Server The person at the pub that brings out the lunch
Paul, obviously anxious to say more but for some reason cannot, exhorts them in various things concerning basic Christian life. By telling them ‘to recognize those who labor…and to esteem them’, Paul cuts against the cultural norm that ignored those who served and esteemed being served.
Unbelievable striped floor…. love (I believe they were handing out a card with DIY instructions anyone attended and want to share the details?)
3:18: Clear the women and children! Head for higher ground! The D-Bag Tsunami is about to hit shore.
He told me it were beyond savage. That a savage would kill and eat another savage,:
This was a good suggestion. I used Boozeberries’ Blackcurrant Liqueur rather than straightforward Creme de Mure, which is a little more tart. This worked really well with the sweet, floral notes of the gin, creating a very fresh, juicy and tart Bramble. It was so fresh that you might even think that you had muddled blackberries in the bottom of the glass. An excellent combo.
Then there are the mustangs. You can wonder why Gable doesn't realize that he, himself, is the reason there are no more wild mustangs in the canyon. His attitude in roping them, so casual about animal life, tells us he's a true cowboy and maybe cowboys--courageous and insane as they are--are all sociopaths. Maybe all hunters and soldiers have to be, on some level, immune to their fellow creature's suffering. Gable's blind to having drained the bottle, presuming it must have deeper personal significance, hinging on Marilyn. But Marilyn knows those poor mustangs are just like her, caught in the thresher of dirtbag desire. The horses bring money for booze which the cowboys feed to her in an effort to get her into bed. Guido then offers to free them if it means her can get her into bed (thus 'landing') which skeeves MM and us all out, and Clift is just too sensitive, like Marilyn, to deal with the pain they cause. He likes her for who she is, not as something to brand.
We are love and time.
ever-changing and flickering practice by a human group at any very
Something cheerful, something bright.
I can see the word cliché flashing in your head as you read the title of this post, but I promise you I have a new thought this time. Just hear me out, it is momentous – me having a new thought, that is! And I promise not to beat around the bush but get to it….soon.
Please, allow me to be shallow for a little while. I must, I must.
Planners, researchers and their ilk love to take a little information and turn it into a heroic vision. Beware of this. Most valuable insights are small and contingent. There is almost nothing you can say about human behavior that is universal. Including this.
in the presence of her gentle rest
Anyway, defying all logic, the child has, in fact, been kidnapped from under Kyle's (Foster) nose and secreted away somewhere on the airplane. Nobody, not one fucking person, on the plane sees or remembers a man going somewhere on the plane with a young girl in his arms. The man, the kidnapper, as it turns out, is a sky marshal. His accomplice is one of the flight attendants. It's all part of a complicated (i.e. stupidly elaborate and illogical), Rube-Goldberg-device-like plot to extort a large sum of money from the airline and leave Kyle as the (dead) patsy. You see, they killed Kyle's husband and somehow managed to get themselves on the same flight back to the states. Kyle is some kind of airplane engineer, so they know she'll know where to look for her daughter and would have the necessary skills to plant a bomb on the plane. They've bribed a funeral home operator to tell the pilot that Kyle's husband killed himself and their daughter so everyone will think Kyle is crazy. Do I need to go on? For fuck's sake, whatever happened to just sticking a gun in someone's face and saying "give me the money"?
the beak is made of little summer sun (also retired) triangles. I raised the whole thing on dimensionals.
Make sure to check and see that the 10% discount has been applied before you make a payment.
onEditNote: function(record)
8.GOVERNMENT ISSUE "Asshole (with Ian)"
Home-keeping dogs have homely wits,
The SCAF, the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces, is the military ruling power in Egypt. SCAF proposed an amendment that “the SCAF would remain in power for six months starting last April, with the option of extending the transitional phase by another three months” (Tarek) which was passed by a large majority of the Egyptian people. However, SCAF has repeatedly offered empty promises to step down and succeed executive authority to a civilian council and has now been in power for almost a year. The current status as determined by the Muslim Brotherhood is that power will be transferred in June (Tarek). Throughout the region, many countries have instated parliaments and elections, but “the parliaments have few powers and elections are controlled to ensure that a ruler or a particular party is reseated” (Pulsipher and Pulsipher 249). Though SCAF has shown to be reluctant in handing over power, there are those who are optimistic, such as Naglaa, a woman protesting in Tahrir, who, when asked whether or not SCAF will hand over power in June, states that she has “…no doubts they will do this. We think the demands of the revolution are being met: for example, we just had our first free and open parliamentary elections” (Trew). Though the military and the Muslim Brotherhood retain authority of the government, the Egyptian people feel optimistic that, come June, power will be handed over to civilian control.
This card is made at a workshop and I have no clue what so ever about the DP;
glass.)
There is an epidemic going on in the Church today. Many Christians hold on to offenses and maintain a “me first” attitude. In this last season, we must learn how to have compassion, truly love each other, and become one as the Body of Christ. Anna Aquino’s book seeks to open our eyes, soften our hearts, and move us to extend blessings to one another as we come together in unity. This book will help heal the hearts of people—both in the Church and in the world—who have been hurt by the spirit of Balaam. You will:
Sure you have to head to your local store and spend a few dollars but, if this projects are on your list of things to do this spring anyway, why not help support the cause.
Cool Iron Fey Chats with Julie Kagawa!
It was in his mind to show to fellow Jews how bad he was, much like them. He was identifying himself with their sinful state hoping that by relating himself to them they would respect him the more and believe the gospel he sought to bring to them.
These are really great for the price. For some reason they only sell them online, and they take a while to arrive (more than a week, which nowadays is a long time). They also do ones with nickel trim, with bulbs that swivel. The reviews for the swivelling bulb model weren’t as good, as some people said that the connection was weak, which led to failure. I think I’ll try one and put it somewhere where if I have to replace it it won’t be too much trouble.
Work in a Small Area,
"When most of the United Kingdom weren’t using hops because of growing climates, Scotland imported hops extensively for their brews."
What if I had been watching from the other side of Now?
By 1949 the anti-comics hysteria wanes a bit and publishers begin to leave the ACMP. Timely may have left early on but at some point must have returned as their covers sported a small ACMP stamp from April 1952 to January 1955 on most titles.
Advertising has a role to play against piracy as well. Ad campaigns that champion original, legitimate products must also condemn piracy — it is illegal.
Here's my version::
Nothing spells gloom like My Dying Bride, a band that has been at the forefront of the doom metal genre since their inception in the early 90's. Though emotionally and thematically very much in the wake of their past material, Evinta rids itself of guitars and all other typical instruments in favor of classical instruments, creating a powerful, epic, atmospheric, expansive (3-disc) ambient/neo-classical experience.
First though, a big thank you to our group break sponsor!
The Master also says in Matthew 9 when he is criticized for eating with the sinners:
Muslims saw the greatest growth rate among the five main religious groups studied. Their numbers increased by 66.7 percent in the 2010 census from a decade earlier. Latter-day Saints saw the next highest growth at 45.5 percent, followed by evangelical Protestants at only 1.7 percent. The number of Catholics decreased by five percent and the number of mainline Protestants decreased by 12.8 percent.
It is with great pleasure that I introduce you to the superstar of vibrators. He’s so fantastic that he’s an icon, truly the Cadillac of sex toys.
Our friend's daughter's favourite spot was the playground, which contained many "old-school" relics of play equipment which Scather had not seen since her youth (a lady never reveals her age, but let's just say it was before laws were as restrictive as they currently are as to health and safety). It was actually great - although old, the equipment seemed quite well maintained, and it was excellent to see some of those old styles of activities - giant see-saws (I went on one and was quite freaked out - now that I comprehend danger to a greater extent it is far more exhilarating!) a double slide, those twirly cups you sit in, and a menagerie of bouncy animals.
We then cruised back to the pier, had a spot of lunch and took the bus back to Ha Noi. We all really enjoyed our time on Ha Long Bay in the Chinese Junk Boat, but the scenery wasn’t really new to us after seeing southern Thailand and the more sparse islands around there, so it would have probably been more impressive if we had been here first. Saying that it was very pretty and would definitely recommend seeing it, but if you had to choose between the two I would say Krabi was nicer!
Loooong before haute couture in fashion there was you.
Note that ingredient's list is VERY loose as to quantities. It's not something you can strictly follow
in the day of battle;
The age of physical ability to have a child, which is why your menstrual cycle starts, is very different than the age of your soul’s maturity level to decide whether you are in a healthy or unhealthy relationship and to determine if you are being manipulated by someone who you believe is looking out for your best interest.
PLOT: Spock really needs to get lai- married to his betrothed, but she tricks him into fighting Kirk to the death.
And it was like scoring a try at Twickenham. Although Andy did disparage my celebration of running high fives whilst holding a razor sharp knife because "That's how accidents happen Danny." And told me in no uncertain terms to put the blade down. But still, it was fun.
like ----. I fell off the horse and onto my butt. This stinks, this way more than stinks. I know I feel like this because I didn't work hard. I got distracted. I played around with my new phone. I was frustrated with the kids when they weren't listening. And I am so damn tired of my husband not being home at night (because he works two jobs) to help. I feel like a total failure. Do you ever feel this way? It sucks. This is where I fail. This is where I stop. This is when I say what the hell is the point of all of this anyway?
My students did a nice job on their own lapbooks. I would say that the only problem with using large pieces of construction paper instead of a file folder is the glue. Construction paper soaks up glue and things are never quite even. Believe it or not, 4th graders STILL don't know how to use bottled glue!!!!! They glued their fingers together, paper to desks, etc. Some of them put so much glue that it soaked through the paper and stuck the paper to the desk!!! Arrgghh!! I think that is what I may change...GLUE STICKS!
4 hard-boiled eggs, roughly chopped
Apologies, have just sat here for a LOOOOOONG time trying to think of something. I could write 3,333 things that I don't love about myself but this is meant to be a happy post with cherries!
08/24/210 SELL 0.01 xauusd 1227.48
- aaaand study, study, study! (need some better marks)
So here is the recipe for this delicious breakfast.
Ink: Baja Breeze, Crumb Cake, Early Espresso
The Alkaline diet, according to Wikipedia, "is a diet based on the belief that certain foods, when consumed, leave an alkaline residue, or ash, in the body". According to this diet, this ash may be acidic residue or alkaline residue, which affects our body's pH balance. A website that advocates this diet, claims that "the typical western diet is acidifying, meaning that it consists primarily of foods that have an ongoing acidifying effect on the body."
sides with seasoning mixture. In skillet, melt
“Teenage vampire Adam and his schoolmistress lover cause havoc for our heroes when they turn up at Honolulu Heights on the run from the press.”
Without further ado, I'll hand you over to Diane.
Problems in your relationship? Things aren’t what they used to be like when you first met her? Well, here is the ultimate guide to solving relationship problems–ten things you can do to end any argument and bring back the romance…
From the four proud provinces of Ireland
It’s too late to cry
11 questions and my answers
Taken in the south of France somewhere,
Jalan Jenderal Sudirman,
My life is back now. It’s not perfect, but it is probably the best it has been in years. Some days, I even feel like I have it all. So this year, when baseball season was coming back, I made the conscious decision to throw my weight back into my Mariner’s. Everyone predicted that they would be horrible this year…again. But I didn’t care. I downloaded some necessary apps to my phone, started following some key M’s blogs, and I started watching the games whenever I had a free night.
Love for freedom, rebelling against laid down norms, doubting a parent’s love for child (due to his/her constant tirade of anger to reform), sexual abuse, the forbidden charm of the opposite sex – this and much more the author portrays splendidly in the novel.
In historical context, property owners were levied taxes by their respective governments to pay for the community services they requested from the governments they formed. That made sense to everyone, especially as property ownership was a requirement to vote. Interesting concept, the people who paid the taxes were the ones who decided how the taxes would be spent. Wow, how times have changed! (But that’s another argument altogether!) Now at least in Lee County, tax dollars collected out in the county do not directly benefit the very people who have paid them. City police and fire services do not extend into the county neither do city maintenance and road crews. In other words, the people paying the collected taxes no longer have a say in how the money is spent.
What did you think? Please leave comments with your thoughts and reactions to ARMADILLO.
Other than Gasparilla, there will be beach time, boat time, and an NHL game thrown in for good measure.
I also welcome like-minded individuals to join me on this gratitude journey, as I would love to share some powerful ideas on how by working together we can make a huge difference.
“This is one of those days where I wonder why I do this. Do you ever have a day like that? I start thinking about how much time all this blogging, commenting, writing, and promoting is taking, and it makes me wonder. Why?
The market is owned and opereated by a Mennonite family. They buy in bulk, and repackage items for sale so you generally get a cheaper price. It is so fun to visit the store, Little Monkey's favorite aisle is the candy aisle of course, but they also sell dried fruit, snacks, an assortment of flours, whole grains, homemade breads, pies, and pastries, homemade soups and salads, and butter, and of course gift items, and so much more. They also have a great deli where they make sandwiches and sell meats and cheeses. Outside you will find chickens, turkey's, peacocks, and an assortment of other birds, as well as goats. Here are a few pictures for you.
I have not heard that before and it doesn't really ring true to me. While I could see how some separated brethren writing a Christmas carol would change a story from a King going out for Eucharist Adoration to something else, the separated brethren are not high on emphasizing charitable acts as a path to Heaven, either.
So while you are getting festive and putting all that wrap you worked so hard on in the recycling bin and cleaning the microwave for the 10th time....I hope you get a chance to take in all the good stuff with the ones you love. And this song is perfect for under the mistletoe.
And thank you everyone, for hanging in here with me, even when I am unfortunately not here to post as often as I would like. Knowing that you understand, and are here when I return, touches my heart.
Serve with potatoes and veggies.
OK, Professor, we've got that, but how does this help us understand the carbonation and maturation "histories" of the typical Cask v. the lovely Real Ale.
“You stated in the trial that you were the reason for her death,” I muster up the confidence to remind him of the fact.
This is a quick no frills salsa recipe that I always make. I usually have all the ingredients in my pantry and I have cilantro growing in my backyard.
We spent two weeks learning how to carefully pour, mix, and serve cocktails. We spent many hours practicing pouring shots, mixed drinks, and martinis. Our practical required us to choose 8 drinks out of a hat and prepare them in a mere 20 minutes.
Everywhere in Britain Islamism is taxpayer-funded, the welfare system helping to fill idle young minds with poison, and fuelling a sense of resentment amongst (often emotionally fragile) second-generation immigrants.
Subtlety of flavor and proper manners are lost on them. Do you ever notice that they always eat the most expensive food first? The shrimp could be horrible but they will still eat them all first. Don't be mad at the simple minded fools, JUST WATCH THEM ACT LIKE HIGH ROLLERS AND ENJOY."
“One of the duties of Congress is to provide oversight of the Executive Branch,” Donnelly told TheDC. “There has been a serious allegation of federal law enforcement misconduct and we need to get to the bottom of this issue without playing partisan politics.”Donnelly was one of 31 Democrats who sent a joint letter to President Obama in June 2011 asking that he direct Holder to comply with the Oversight Committee's request for documents on Operation Fast and Furious.
But they still acted like teenage boys.
“But not I,” says Road, who is another poor boy on the block. Then he hollers, “Riot!”
11 What She Said
Over at Dalrock’s, there’s a wide-ranging discussion going on about the moral distinctions (if any) between hookup culture, serial LTRs, serial marriages, lifelong marriage, &c.
WHO & WHAT: System of a Down with special guest Deftones
I seriously don’t know why I’m not CHARGING for this service, I mean did you SEE how fucking EASY that was? Let’s keep going!
Also, I was on the telly this Christmas! On ITV's Countrywise Kitchen, (yes, like actual channel 3) doing a spot of brewing. You'll also see some bits of Welbeck. You've got 18 days to watch it before it vanishes from ITV Player.... if you watch this you'll get the coffee bit...
Wouldn't it be great if you could get more out of those items? Most of the appliances I have I've found many uses for.
“So, what I was thinking,” he went on after his brief assessment of my emotional state. “We could put glass back into the top where that god-awful chicken wire was, or do you remember the tin my Daddy put in the pie safe he made? He got a pattern from a book and punched the tin himself with a hammer and nail. We could do that.”
Any suggestions from my readers for the "Something New" column? What's your favorite "fun" plant to grow in the garden?
Seven.
"Well of course I did not do the reading! I had to go to Tommy's party this weekend, and there was just no time! I mean.... you know.... I had stuff to do, I can't be expected to drop everything to read three chapters! Ya know?"
The Blaze further points out that Obama’s demagogic claiming of the Reagan mantle gets even more warped, pointing out:
the way you know things in a dream,
Last night I went to bed at 9:30. A friend gave me a book the other day and while it’s cheesy and I’m ashamed to admit it, I can’t put it down. I was still reading this ridiculous bodice-ripper at 1:30 am. R was shocked. Haven’t been up that late in what feels like centuries.
I choose to understand the difference between a setback and a defeat! Amen!
Two pairs Gore cycling shorts
Today, I believe that the “George Pompidou Centre,” “Louvre,” and “London museum of art” represented my father’s way of bringing his kid to Disney.
Today’s lunch was a good one for so many reasons:
What if it never comes back. Life without that spanko frisson and thrill is pancake flat. What can I do? If there was a pill to take I'd get a jar and start popping (Vitamin S maybe).
Certainly blurs the line when having a discussion on who is instructing / advising the athlete. The coach is looking at performance - but answers to someone other than the athlete in many cases. The agent is looking at earnings and how to achieve them. But he too answers to someone other than the athlete - typically a management group or a shoe company. The shoe company and meet promoters are looking at a combination of performance and appearances, with the goal being to make money off of the appearances and performances of the athlete. Physical therapists, nutritionists, masseuses are looking at how to affect physical fitness and therefore performance - and of course the better the athlete does the better they get paid.
The several nights in the 20s we've had have finished the season for a number of annuals. I got some of them pulled and put on the compost pile. The front yard looks different without the gomphrenas. The perennials seem happy to have all the space. Next year, I won't give them the competition of the annuals, not as many, anyway.
But there has to be more to the film than just suspense, special effects and a few laughs.
Since he didn’t come home until about 8:00, I figured he had indeed gone to the funeral home. Fine. No problem. Really.
This, after a friend suggested that I seem to feel inadequate because I did not have the benefit of formal education and that perhaps I should consider a course of some sort. In something that I’m passionate about.
Luckily as I'm a little bit of a squirrel I managed to find the hinges and bolts for the nest box door, and the main door.
According to research, humans innately prefer consonance over dissonance, with dissonance possibly causing a slight “pain” in the ear as the two tones vibrate either too closely together or out of phase. (see research of Sacks, Levitin, Fink, Kagan, and Zentner; AMAZING STUFF). Some of these studies were done on infants, which means I don’t have to add that to my list of curiosities; we innately DO prefer consonance.
13. Raps 4 U (prod Harlem Fatz)
Ephesians 6:10-20
"Beautiful Maria of My Soul"(The Mambo Kings)(Robert Kraft and Arne Glimcher)
(which was easy for her)
The other says, "She's waiting for him to kick off!"
Once they were out of the oven I then did some Yorkshire pudding. The best method for a successful YP is equal quantities of eggs, flour and milk (in this case 3 eggs ratio) and a very hot oven and a preheated tray with a high burning temperature oil in each section. These can be made well in advance and simply reheated again under a grill (watch they don’t burn)
According to MotiveQuest, OPS measures the number of people online who are recommending your brand to others combined with sentiment measures, which are a way to determine the attitude — sentiment — expressed in online postings. MotiveQuest says OPS differentiates persons who discuss more than one product and assigns a score to their most-favored brand.
These programs include:
Why climb’st thou not the Mount Delectable,
Celly also provides security and privacy as phone numbers are never exposed and there are controls. Cell curators filter messages before they are sent to the group. This keeps discussion on-topic and reduces abuse, impersonation, and cyberbullying. An @me feature lends itself to note taking. Celly even has a built-in polling feature complete with the tabulation of results.
We believe in one God, the Father Almighty, Maker of all things visible and invisible.
“Our fans have made tremendous progress in eradicating offensive singing over the last few seasons and this has been widely acknowledged by members of the Joint Action Group set up by the Scottish Government last year, politicians and the police, to name a few.
Continue to build relationships and you’ll soon realize you have a wealth of people who are eager to be your first edition book buyers too.
as a very efficient fertiliser, the furrow
Seven decades later, the five remaining survivors of the raid led by then-Lt. Col. James H. “Jimmy” Doolittle recognize their prominent place in history. Nothing like it had ever been done before. But faced with an enemy that already had proved its ability to strike the U.S. homeland, 80 brave men volunteered for what had all the makings of a suicide mission, its main purposes to satisfy a burning desire for revenge, to boost morale in the war’s darkest days and to demonstrate that the nation’s resolve remained as strong as steel.
Our game of Ultimate went well, and a bunch of us did lunch afterwards. It was a lovely sunny day, so I wandered around town after lunch and browsed through a few thrift stores and one consignment store.
But I never told you
So, consider this a plea for understanding and a sincere apology for letting this blog sink down on my to-do list. I never want it to seem like I’m upset about my life, because I know that I am lucky to have a job, an (almost) college education, and the amazing, if unconventional, family that I have. Right now, I’m just a little overwhelmed with the responsibility that comes along with those privileges.
What kind of poetry do you write? I write eclectically. I’m drawn to short form, but I can spin a yarn now and then. I love to play with words and syllabic forms; I break the rules more often than not. Tillie Olsen’s “triple life” is something that I struggle with and try to explore ways of describing. Poetry is a way of existing.
my sisters have your eyes and hair;
Thanks to all of you for an amazing year of inspiration and support. I can't wait to see what next year will bring!!
Starring: John Cho, Kal Penn, Rob Corddroy, Danneel Harris, and Neil Patrick Harris
04. P.D.A. (We Just Don't Care) - John Legend / 4:38
Wutzler P, Farber I, Wagenpfeil S, Bisanz H, Tischer A. Seroprevalence of varicella-zoster virus in the German population. Vaccine 2001; 20: 121-124.
As like flushing a nide of pheasants, the whole scene exploded into a melee. My sword drawn, I fought two guards simultaneously, then the last. Having dropped all three to the ground, I was left facing the villainous gang member. Thinking better of the situation presented before him, he fled hastily towards the door, only to be captured by a swarm of oncoming guards. I to John Crow, and passing him a sword from one of the guards, we were left with no other option but to climb a nearby flight of stairs. Reached the top to find ourselves confronted with a door. Blunderbuss unlocked it efficiently, thence found ourselves upon the roof.
1) Pick 5 blogs that you consider deserve this award for their creativity, design, interesting material, and also for contributing to the blogging community, no matter what language.
Houston we have a problem! Please be patient - LL
I found this program where I could learn internet marketing and niche marketing. So I am taking lessons and have had a mentor. It has been very interesting. I have learned and am learning things like what tags do. How to put the tags into a website and what the best tags are. The whole idea is to get a website noticed and highly ranked by Google and other search engines. This will sent traffic to that website.
You can go straight-forward and simple with this masculine card using the green, orange, and tan colors from the range. The simple Je t'aime sentiment from Floriculture makes this card a breeze to put together.
This is the fourth in the Art of Research event series, the first of which took place in Helsinki 2005, and the first to be hosted by EMPIRICA, a research group based in the Department of Design, Aalto University’s School of Arts, Design and Architecture, working in co-operation with the university’s Department of Film, Television and Scenography.
This is one of the most popular classics of Yucatecan cooking and if you've ever sampled this soup of chicken, spices and bunches of sweet local limes, you'd know why. It's always served with fried tortilla strips for added crunch. Soups are actually invigorating in tropical climates, which is why this dish is a mainstay.
So the story of the Shift unfolds every day now, and we can choose to participate, not from a fearful place, but from a foundation of knowledge, expectation, and even excitement. Each of us is a significant player in this story, with an essential role to play. So the only question to ask yourself is: how do I choose to play?
Van Draanan also addressed some current issues - health care coverage, drunk driving, and special needs students - that make the story even more appealing. And, she does it by appealing to readers over a wide swath of grades. I could see a sixth grader enjoying this story as much as a sophomore.
"It's Cyco Eva man you know who I be/
I am back, it is the new year, I am making black eyed peas and rice, collards and cornbread for dinner and for good luck in the new year. Tomorrow I clean the house and make some soups for work next week. Slowly I'll recover from the super fun trip to the winter wonderland and get back into the swing of gardening in the city.
At first it seemed as though Nasim and Kristen were reprising their characters form the corn syrup commercial. Is this, like, the tenth sketch this season about cell phone penis pictures? B
Then one of them opened his eyes. And screamed.
I was only trying to impress some girl. It was either the slight paunch or coughing up of cigarette smoke!
I'd like to unscientifically point out that there are significant differences between the two, like for instance they're completely different species, with different metabolic rates and digestive tracts. So really you can't compare the two pound for pound.
Step One: Cut 6 circles of fabric the same size.
250 West Broadway at Beach
3) Drunken Leaves – Assemble Head in Sunburst Sound – from “When Sweet Sleep Returned”
Ross Ohlendorf
Regular readers will know that I am not on very good terms with my sewing machine usually, but today I woke up and wanted to make a new shopper tote for myself...
So this time now – 2012, 2013, 2014 and beyond – this is your time. Your time to make your own decisions, pick your own country, do your own thing. Buy a flat in Berlin, study fashion in Paris, created hydro electricity in Iceland.
The company my husband works for recently closed their local office. They offered us a relocation package and things for their Fremont, California office, which we declined after much thought and prayer. Then they offered him an opportunity to work from home. We were hesitant but so far we are really liking it!
He used the money to further finance his research. He expanded his laboratory and hired an army of the most brilliant young minds to assist him. He learned how to identify defective genes, and he developed the technique for replacing them. He focused his attention on the code for immunity, and through many experiments learned how to create a super-immune individual.
Using the flat of your needle (not the tip), push the fabric gently downwards to fold it under. This is where finger pressing comes into its own...as you push the edge under the fabric will naturally fold to where it has been pressed making the needleturn a very easy step. Using your left thumb and forefinger to hold the folded edge down as you work will be a big help too. As you stitch around pull the 3/4 inch pins out as you come to them.
Their latest offering are crunchy cookies in four flavors; chocolate chip, double chocolate, vanilla honey graham, and sugar crisp. All four were a huge hit with all five kids as well as mommy and daddy. I'm especially fond of the Double Chocolate cookies and our oldest son was caught hiding the Sugar Crisp ones. In fact, all the kids were a little sad to leave these treats behind when we set off for our big trip.
“Sure, let me know when you get home from work. Shower, shave, straight to bed.”
One problem I continually struggle with is the folks who want to up the definition of session to include 5% and even 5.5% beers. I don't want to get to be an ABV Nazi, but the fact is, if most world beers, if average beers home in around 5%...that makes "session beers" no big deal, and once again stuffs 3.5% beers down into the "not enough" category we've seen expanding in beer judging, and in the pale ale, IPA, and even double IPA categories, a real "go big or go home" mentality that I've pegged as the "get a bigger monkey" syndrome. Keep "session beer" defined as 4.5% and less -- or 4% or less -- and you'll get a more level playing field for these beers, and you will see more creativity and more flavor at that level. We're seeing it already.
But maybe i’m just cynical. Feel free to add your thoughts to the matter in the comments.
Stamps: Papertrey Ink - Background Basics: Diamonds, Mat Stack 2 Collection, Signature Greetings
I think we all need some down time once and awhile, don't you? And...if you happen to be visiting San Francisco in the near future, be sure and visit the Nob Hill Spa. It's fabu!
Lead me deeper and deeper into the heart of Divine Mercy.
You look at me and simply smile
I used all MME "Lost & Found" papers that I cut out and around some of the glittered borders from them, and made a frame with it. I put some thin foam under it to pop it up off the paper so it looks like a "stage". I loved the look and enjoyed working with glitter so much that I used some RAK glitter on Millie's bow on her tail and her pretty ballet shoes. I Love, Love those cute details!
Well I guess I have to reenter the land of the working (and others in our society)! I’ve been enjoying the holidays with family and friends but know there’s still work to be done. I have also been doing a lot of thinking lately about my role and the role our group will play in the upcoming election.
Just cross your fingers that next year Dawn gets your name.
It is the high vibrations of love, or light, that started stirring individuals’ conscious awareness over seven decades ago, when far distant powerful civilizations beamed that lifesaving energy to your homeland planet. It was the ever-increasing light intensity on Earth that raised the collective consciousness of her residents and brought her and you to this point on the ascension pathway.
You needn't be a fan of "Alice in Wonderland" to enjoy "Alice I Have Been" but I daresay if you read the novel, you will be curious to re-read "Alice in Wonderland" and will look at it in a new light.
In Beer Girl language, it's a light beer that tastes more like a real beer. It has flavor. Some light beer drinkers will not like that about this beer. But that's why I love it.
"Another winter of this," the rugged hulk of a man muttered, "and I'll throw myself into that forge." He sighed heavily in a sort of barking cough. The knot in his belly failed to disappear.
so packing up my family for a week away
Elizabeth Mary Hayes (Con) 439
He isn't supposed to be "forced" to deploy until he's been home for 12 months, and he had other plans for Fort Hood: enrolling in an 18-month EOD school before deploying again. (EOD! More aurgh!)
At the apartment next to the Museum (within a block of the Clinton headquarters hotel), the normally composed door man - a member of the working class, uttered some colorful 4 and 7 letter words which cannot be repeated here to describe this spectacle of our nation's rulers - past and present - surrounded by their public servants - totally oblivious to their imperial appearance and the interruption of nomal life on the streets of NYC.
Funkyness Jam
Right at 9:00 this morning, Judie and Dick Seeders (blog readers that live in Montgomery) showed up at my site to give me a personal driving tour of the area. I can’t believe that I didn’t get a picture of them, but since I wasn’t able to publish last night’s post after whittling it down to only two pictures, I guess I wouldn’t be able to show you their picture anyway. I don’t know why that post won’t publish since the signal was strong enough to post the night before. Who knows what’s up with that? I’m not even going to try to include any pictures tonight to see what happens.
Merengue, Robert Abigail (featuring DJ Rebel)
*Today we sang "I Need Thee Every Hour" at church. Has a lot of meaning right now.
So, I am thinking that I was given a bunch of crap growing up about how important the people you surround yourself with are, or my parents are getting soft in their old age.
This cheats recipe is really simple and quick to prepare. I love it because my kids are really impressed by this pie…they can smell it cooking and can’t wait to eat it!! I have them fooled because the kids think that I’m a really great cook….I don’t tell them how easy it is though…..
32. The average left-handed person lives 7 years LESS than a right-handed person.
Label: Sire
Today I'm sharing Zander's interview.
I understand you don't want to pay for the book out of your own money to be able to get a copy to me, but truely understand this I spent a long time reading, illustrating interior art and designing the cover ... that to me is time that I could have spent on working on other projects/covers. There was this company who was willing to give you advances so you could be able to provide payments straight away (according to your own email), what happened there?! If it fell over than, a simple email explaining this could have helped, in fact at any point if you had of simply contacted me explained that you couldn't send a copy or sales were low I would understand. I currently have a contract with another publisher who pays me per sales of books percentage commission, the economics are very tough, there is no doubt, so the sales on that book are low, and I can happily accept that all payments would be put on hold until the accumilate to $20 dollars.
So I held on just a little longer
A blizzard. We received a few inches of snow in about as many hours on Wednesday, and it still hasn't all melted off. Snow tends to fall straight down, here in my valley. We just don't get wind in the winter. So the snow "falling" just about parallel to the ground was really interesting to sit and watch. All the tension that had been building up on Wednesday simply released while watching the snow.
Transcendental. And it surrounds our island...
Deer body language:
It is so on.
Without going into a full vetting process with these gentlemen I can say that they have both spent a lot of time with this sport and have shown that they have the skill set necessary to perform the job of CEO of USA Track and Field. I think that that is the kind of combination that would ultimately help move us forward and put us back in the position globally that we should be at. So if I were to look within the sport for someone to take the helm these are the individuals that I would look at as potential candidates. At the very least these are the type of individuals that I think should be sought out to try and get the sport back on track (pun intended) here in the US.
09. Rude Girl
Now go tell everyone about this contest and PLEASE feel free to link to this and re-post. I want so many entries that my eyes demand a vacation a raise and a spa day at Visine Land.
If you could travel in a Time Machine would you go back to the past or into the future?
And then suddenly you realize: that was it.
From a profile of Cindy McCain, describing her husband John: "He preferred his women to suffer in silence."
-If walk into the room and she makes a bee line for the exit she’s not shy, she’s just interested.
Today, I’d like to take you for a trip with my Mom and Dad which I didn’t even go on. Actually, it’s a couple of trips, but who’s counting? Dad received a small disability pension from the government. It wasn’t much, but it made the difference between being stuck in a small town, and affording to take the occasional road trip.
/opt/VRTSddlpr/lib/libvxscsi.so
On Thursday the TT girls met for Breakfast but no scrapping :( Desi is in the States with her family and the others were busy but it was lovely to catch up as I really miss them when I am away. I had so much to sort out afterwards, shopping, catching up on mail and all the happenings at Let's Scrap and the day kind of got away from me.
The original picture was perfectly focused, here I had purposely softened the image with Gaussian blur and painted out the blurred insides of the objects leaving the outside edges slightly blurred.
Hey there! I need to share this Valentine-y card with you! I created this for my submission to the 2012 Spellbinders Design Team, but unfortunately I was not chosen to continue to the next round :(
We all have someone in our lives who is the primary caregiver at home for a loved one. This article has made me realize how important that we are there to offer our support, as the role of caregiver can end abruptly. When this happens, they may struggle with feelings of fear, lose, guilt and anger that can be very destructive. Read article here>>
Until he saves it. Again.
” We are quite sure that we do our best to provide a ceasefire in Syria and support Annan’s plan because the situation is not stable there, as provocative powers should be eliminated and international observers will go to Syria and it is supposed to maintain their security, a thing it is consulting with other experts about,” Lavrov said.
As I ponder these hard questions with no foreseeable answers I will try to remember that one time, seven years ago my dreams for surgery matched up with God’s plan for me to have that surgery. That’s God’s faithfulness #2.
said to me today, children really are such a blessing
Pepler, D. & Craig, W. (2008). Bullying, interventions, and the role of adults. Education.com. Accessed on April 25, 2012.
Gary Thomas addresses this issue, reminding us that we need to watch our weight and get into shape for reasons other than our physical health.
07. National Anthem
- Plans and executes a PSYOP program that produces an understanding and appreciation of U.S. policies and actions.
Again we must re-iterate that we do not have any problem with law abiding, respectful, peaceful Muslims who integrate and contribute positively in society, Muslims who love and respect our country are welcome. The EDL was never set up to discriminate against all Muslims.
I don't know if anyone remembers the little chav/scrote/ned/prick I caught three years back? Y'know the one who was trying to put a firework in the post box that I had just posted Dearest's sick note after her major surgery. Well, Sunday Dearest and I set off for our traditional early evening drinky-poos with our friends, "Ahh I'll post my Amazon DVD Rental disc on the way to the pub."
Could philosophers contrive
Nikki is a doctoral student at Durham Law School, Durham University. She is co-creator and editor of Inherently Human.
Very cute ideas & shapes, simple, easy, & really cute. For someone that enjoys stitching, there are a few really adorable & useful items. One ( which I am still making & will post a pic of when I finish) is an apple tart pin-cushion. A helpful hint for the pin-cushion ~ if you stuff the cushion with a steel wool pad or two, ( put a bit of fluff around it to soften the edges), your needles will always be sharp & clean.
in dry pudding mix. Mix in the pumpkin and cheese mixture.
They soon acquired the respect of the world, which they despised; and the loudest applause was bestowed on this DIVINE PHILOSOPHY, which surpassed, without the aid of science or reason, the laborious virtues of the Grecian schools. The monks might indeed contend with the Stoics in the contempt of fortune, of pain, and of death: the Pythagorean silence and submission were revived in their servile discipline; and they disdained as firmly as the Cynics themselves all the forms and decencies of civil society. But the votaries of this Divine Philosophy aspired to imitate a purer and more perfect model.
Had this chimera tank for quite a number of years. You have seen it primed black in many a battle report. So far it’s the only one I’ve got (I love this model and will get a few more) and decided I wanted it for my Snow Guard force (AKA IG Valhallans). But I had never painted winter camo on a tank before, so the experimentation began.
The second rule of fashion is just because an outfit looks stunning on a friend of relatively the same size and stature, (the relative here being in her favour rather than mine) it doesn’t mean it is going to look good on me. I went to a dance a couple of weeks ago, styled as a ‘Barefoot Ball’, held on a beach attached to a sailing club, with a dress code of boardshorts and dinner jackets for men and cocktail type dresses for ladies. As I floundered around in a state of wardrobe despair a friend kindly came to my aid with a dress of sufficient glamour and laid back chic that I immediately had one of those ‘yes yes yes’ moments of imagined triumph, completely forgetting past experience with ruffles and silk. I pulled the grey silk –floaty- milkmaid style creation over my head convinced I was going to emerge like Tess of the D’Urbervilles wandering dreamily through mist filled fields. Well ho ho to that, to my disbelief I did indeed look like a milkmaid, but perhaps rather more of the genuine article, brawny and bucolic are the words that came to mind – in actual fact there was a strong resemblance to a cowman in drag.
Peggy was only 22 then. She had dropped out of college in Ohio, and she had come to live with Helen. I’m not sure why she moved to New Mexico, but she moved in with us after my parents separated a year earlier, because my mother was now a single parent, and she felt she needed someone to watch us kids, ages 13, 10, 8 and 5.
I blushed her body and face with Pan Pastels. I made a tiny wig cap from silk and attached fine kid mohair which I dyed a deep shade of Strawberry blonde. The curls were made by wrapping small pieces of damp mohair around a fine knitting needle and baking them at 200 degrees in my Deni Oven for about 5 minutes.
Mitt Romney – MAAAAN, he’s boring. The Republican Party needs to change their image and move away from these soft-spoken, slick candidates with nothing but Reagan talking points.
I love my kids!
At first when I was given the assignment, I figured that I was supposed to open up companies’ websites, look at the “Contact Us” page, and copy the info. Easy, right? But then I was told that the main email addresses for companies, like info@companyname.com, lead to an inbox abyss where nothing gets read. So I should look at the bylines of specific articles related to our website’s theme, and stalk that poor reporter with every social network available.
In Japan, a woman who works as a housekeeper to support her young son takes an assignment with a mathematics professor. The professor himself no longer works. Due to a head injury his short-term memory lasts only 80 minutes. Then it is erased and he starts over. He has retained nothing permanently since 1975.
While PAN is a 10-digit alphanumeric number allotted by the I-T Department to taxpayers, biometrics is a biological method to identify physical features of an individual.
July 18 New York, NY WHITE HOT SUMMER GROOVE The Spirit Cruise Ship, Pier 63, Chelsea Piers, west Side Highway with EUGE GROOVE
It's just as bad here in the UK.We used to be proud nation leading the way in social policy,education and healthcare.Now we are the most watched nation on the planet.We have cameras everywhere watching our every move while the poorer get poorer and the richer get richer.We have one of the worst literacy rates in the developed world so what hope is there for our youngsters.Unemployment is up,home repossessions are up,house prices are falling,more businesses are being liquidated,food is dearer every week we go shopping,utilities prices are up 35% from last year and we out source more and more work to the far east too.
If you are an author, check out our low-cost sponsorships. Because I am an author myself, I understand your needs. While no one can guarantee success from any marketing effort, and the best of such efforts are multiple "efforts" and not just an ad, I invite you to look at what we offer and see how it compares to everything else out there. We don't want your money just to dump it into another black hole. We only want you to join in if you think we add value to the reading community. There's plenty of noise in the world, but there's only one eBookSwag.
Up 1st Saddle, down GSA. Ran from Pearl St and only hiked from the top of Amphi to the summit. 18:30 descent on the standard trails, but still need to be a bit careful with the ankle.
My proud gal! Can't believe she will soon no longer be a kindergartner :(
Fitter Sh*tter man.
My excuse to my co-workers is that I am learning Korean…but I found that they are closet Korean Drama watchers too….the whole country is addicted. My husband laughs at me because I am so into these dramas that I can’t do anything but sit in front of the computer.. however, he did admit to me that he use to watch them in college…HA
Audrey is super excited to be the flower girl in Aunt Kelly's wedding next month. She tells everyone. She wants to watch youTube videos of other flower girls. She really, really wants to wear the flower girl dress that hasn't even arrived yet. Kelly gave her some rose petals to practice with and she does a great job.
I know it's fur which a lot of people don't agree with .
Now I move on to The Voice. I just turned it on halfway through for the night and caught Javier Colon’s new single, which is blowing me away because that happens to be one of my very favorite songs. I don’t quite know that he did it justice, but I would like to hear the recorded version before I make that evaluation in full. I really have missed television and am glad to have a tiny bit of time to catch up and watch stuff like this. I don’t think I have enough time to give me rundown from last night’s episode of House. =)
IndieGoGo
Third, this particular undertaking of the Sutton’s task force is cosmetic and intended for internal consumption. The membership of the ACNA is quite naïve in matters of ecumenical relations. It is meant to appeal to Convergentist sentiments in that body and the Convergentist vision of the ACNA as a church in which not only are disparate theological streams coming together but also is on the forefront of a similar convergence worldwide. It also helps to justify the existence of the task force and its funding.
Lube up a baking sheet with the oil, lay the balls on it, coat them with a little more oil, and bake for 30 minutes. My balls are now ready for consumption.
In 1993 Carter made a trip to Sudan. The sound of whimpering near the village of Ayod attracted Carter to an emaciated Sudanese toddler. The girl had stopped to rest while struggling to a feeding center, whereupon a vulture had landed nearby. He said that he waited about 20 minutes, hoping that the vulture would spread its wings. It didn’t. Carter snapped the haunting photograph and chased the vulture away. However, he came under criticism for just photographing — and not helping — the little girl.
Then we'll be back to our regularly scheduled programming.
“We haven’t even been kissing,” I said, “And it is not like we are sharing a couch. And we are in the middle of Grand Central Station!”
When we told the boys Logan of course was thrilled he understands everything and so watching him as been so fun. He wants another little brother. lol. London on the other hand was a hoot. We have always told the dudes that you can't have babies unless you are married. lol. May have been a mistake. So when I told London he says "mom who did you marry" I just looked at him and then totally got what he was thinking so I answered "your dad" he looks at me and says "again" and I say "yep AGAIN" lol. He is a little hoot. so I told him he could call aunt Brookie and tell her our news so he calls her and says " Brookie my mom is getting married" Brooke of course was confused. Then he says " my mom is getting married and having a baby GIRL" lol then brooke got it. London keeps telling everyone that we are having a baby girl, so I have to keep reminding him that we don't know what it is yet that is can be a girl or a boy. But he just keeps telling me no its a girl. So fingers crossed that he is right. Of course if it is another little dude we will be thrilled. I would never trade one of my little dudes. I love them so much.
¼ tsp Freshly ground black pepper
As before, there will be one prize for the best review on amazon.co.uk, and one for the best review on amazon.com. And to give you a chance to read the book of your choice and post your review, the closing date of the competition will be extended until 31st October 2011, giving you two months to get your horn (I mean your head) around it.
Hot dog buns
I watched a Copic coloring video the other morning on how to color fur so I gave it a try for this cute Schnauzer pup of Wendy's. My parents had Schnauzers when I was growing up so this image was fun to color for me. The layout is a sketch I had to try from Merry Monday #9 and the papers I used are in my supply list below:
2. Luck Will Find You
Gerald Mason, Vice President EU Affairs for Tate and Lyle said that the answer was predictable.
It was the first day of classes, and as all college cliché movies bean with, there was that one guy that had every single female in the class drooling over their laptops. It was pathetic. Needless to say, that was the route that Leigh took. She wouldn’t go as far as to say that he was the most handsome guy she’d ever seen, nor that he was somehow linked to a mythological god. No. These types of statements just wouldn’t seem right; they were superfluous. Leigh needed to be practical and realistic on her opinion of others. Still though, Christian made her feel like a pre-pubescent girl who couldn’t talk properly and believed that she would be with Justin Bieber forever and ever. It was that bad.
Rarely has there been a band that has disappointed me. There have been bad albums, poor career choices, and “selling out”, but I’m a forgiving listener, and I hand out pardons where they are deserved. But now, someone has gone too far.
The best part of the Scotland 10k for me was definitely the Scottishness of it. Between the pipes (yes, I think that they are music!), and hearing my two favorite national anthems played back-to-back, I was feeling a lot of pride. I also realized that not only are both anthems inspiring and beautiful, but they also are about the same thing: defeating the English. Something close to a Celt’s heart.
His classic film The Great Dictator (1940) saw him taking on the nazis. Here he pitted his celebrity and humour against Hitlers own celebrity and evil. He played a dual role as a jewish barber who has lost his memory in a plane accident in the First World War, and spends time in hospital before being discharged into an anti-semitic country that he does not understand, and Hynkel (Hitler) the dictator leader of Ptomainia, whose armies are the forces of the Double Cross, and will do anything along the lines to increase his possibilitis for supreme power. It ends with Chaplin in his own words giving us a message full of humanitarianism, with a sense of great hope.
If I was to use the entire board and fill every day, I would also lighten up the photos so they are nearly hints of photos rather than full live living color. Then you could write over them and actually see what you are writing.
And started jogging across to the other side.
In the aftermath of UFC 145 we get to sit and digest the Jones versus Evans fight and figure out where both fighters go from here. For Dana White, there is no sitting and waiting. He announced after the event that Dan Henderson will be next in line to get a crack a Jones. Henderson has been patiently waiting for his next fight after defeating shogun Rua in a close fought battle.
Once at Tacna, we crossed the street to the international bus terminal and wandered around until someone offered to take us to Arica. We could, theoretically, have taken a bus across, but the colectivo option seemed like much less of a hassle, since you only have to wait for the people in your car, not a whole busload of people. The drivers go around the bus station and hustle up five passengers going to Arica from Tacna. They give you customs forms to fill out, you give them money, and then everyone piles into a 90s-model Buick sedan and off you go. Even if you are a grown-up, you could still end up sitting in the middle front seat, and there may or may not be functioning seatbelts. The whole hour down to Arica I was stuck with my face inches from the rearview mirror and its collection of cherry air fresheners.
While Ms Saw has made millions of dollars during her tenure as CEO of SMRT, its standards of service have deteriorated rapidly over the years. Once seen as a proud product of Singapore Inc, SMRT has now become a laughing stock not only in the eyes of Singaporeans, but in the world as well for its frequent breakdowns and disruptions in service.
Hands waiting to caress you,
You’re sacred to me as I enjoy your kiss.
My other passion is Scrapbooking.......so on a Sunday I will be sharing with you not only my layouts that I teach at my scrapbooking classes but my memories as well.
“She would be out all the time and took her purse with her little medicine bag in it with her everywhere she went. I’d come home from school, she wouldn’t be there. She’d show up, grab a few things, then leave again and I wouldn’t see her again until she came home around the same time the next day.”
She swallowed, knowing what he was asking. “Sure.”
When I asked my soon-to-be 7 year old daughter what she wanted to do for her birthday this year she all but screamed, "SLUMBER PARTY!" Her other two requests for the night were pizza and brownies (She despises cake, or rather the frosting that accompanies birthday cake. Weirdo.)
11/1/11--- I just love November! So for Day 1 of giving thanks, I am thankful for this month---a reminder of all that I have to be thankful for! Thank you God for this season of Thanksgiving! <U+2665>
He loved the flowers.
Here I am. 35. Married. Two boys. House in the suburbs of New York City.
Long Japanese tweezers that wouldn't look out of place in an operating theatre are used to carefully and meticulously plate and arrange heirloom carrots, wafer-thin slices of radish and sprigs of celery leaves. Crumbs of dehydrated goats curd are scattered on top.
A very minor one. I think few of the other nobles truly consider me to be one. I actually got kicked into a moat once by a knight who was insulted by the very idea that I could be considered a noble.
hadn’t exactly been difficult to get any of them to join him in making their reunion a reality. And, with failed marriages behind three of them (Ross, Cal and Frankie), Danny’s on the rocks, and Andy still free and very much single, nothing was stopping any of them from grabbing this opportunity with both hands. Whatever the outcome. Bon Voyage had faded into pop oblivion, so maybe now it was time for the world to wake up and see that they were
Back in the warmth of the apartment, I undressed everyone and prepared to settle down for the night. I unwrapped several pieces of candy for LG and snuggled up in the rocking chair with HRH. But LG wasn't having it.
I’ve been thinking recently about the “insignificant-due-to-survival” effect. I can’t help but feel that now that all is said and done, and the transplant was successful, everything that I’ve been through (my bipolar diagnosis to which there is no cure, my cancer treatment, my rehabilitation and recovery) is “not that big a deal” because I survived. As if really, I’m okay today, so how bad could it really have been? What one experiences gives you so much character and nobody will ever fully know to what extent you innately comprehend and empathize with others, which is a great deal. Your experiences give you an understanding that the majority doesn’t share. It’s a blessing and a curse. I ponder sometimes, if ignorance really is bliss. I’m sorry for those who feel diminished in comparison to others’ experiences. Our experiences make us so uniquely individual yet so universally relevant.
As I entered the transition area, I had to get out of my wetsuit and then run to the port-a-pottie! I don't know why - but I ALWAYS have to pee after I get out of the water. I heard some athletes discussing how they just pee in their wetsuit in the water, but YUCK! First, my wetsuit cost a lot of money. Second, I have several more miles in front of me and I can't smell like pee the entire time. So, after peeing . . . my stupid left hand was still a claw and I had a heck of a time trying to get my shoes on, zipping up my cycling jersey . . . it was comical. But I got on that bike and out of the transition area.
1 procreative
The property at 40 Exchange Place had been rented by George Weathers for his business, Artists Seminar Plus, which offered training for actors. However, Mr. Weathers stopped paying his $6,200 rent back in August 2011, and began renting the space, called “Magic Mountain”, out for meetings and events. Building management began sending him letters, but in NYC, eviction process can take months.
These gorgeous blooms would be such a reward for a little outdoor elbow grease - can you imagine having roses at your beckon call for fresh-cut flowers?
Which Faith except everyone do keep whole and undefiled, without doubt he shall perish
Thinking about it (as God knows I do! lol!) Now,…Lazarus would have had to have wiggled across the floor first, then using his “head”, neck, and back,…He would have had to, very slowly, put trial and error, and somewhat painful effort into getting UP those STEPS!!! Just picture how “you” would have to get up the stairs if you were wrapped up like he was???
studied dance in her early days of stardom). It's based on the same
Credit where credit is due, especially as Mr Martin’s post, like that of everyone at Ibrox, is under imminent threat.
As I briefly pondered if it was a wise choice to blow $40 on a book when I’m trying so hard to go paperless at home, I realized the tome was a little piece of inspiration to take home with me and representative of not just what I love about books, but what I love about the Met. Just as the Brothers Grimm discovered, there truly are stories all around us – some from the past, some of the moment and some to be created, but they are there for us to explore… or escape in — if we open ourselves up to them. Perhaps, beyond ancient scrolls and priceless works of art, this concept was the real takeaway from our day at the Met: go there and let your imagination take you wherever you want to go; clearly a lesson not just for a fifth grader.
The pattern was fairly simple to follow, starting with 3 bead in the centre of the elastic then a fourth bead threaded on with the ends of the elastic crossing over through the bead, when you pulled the bead down to meet the first three the pattern began to show immediately. 2 more beads one on each end of the thread, another cross over bead and repeat until you have a strip of beading long enough to go around you wrist. The first layer was then complete.
* improving or modifying the invention
Life may not always be easy, but when we keep our focus on God, He will fill our lives with beautiful rainbows of promise.
In the next room, the grand-daughter smiled at her mother. She whispered, "What a great idea of Grums - it will keep them busy for ages." Then, with a yawn, "She's just settled. I'm exhausted. Shut the door behind you while I catch another forty winks."
Toasted white sesame oil
The rest of the night all I tried to do was think of other things to keep my mind off of what was going on. I said a prayer and actually felt pretty good after it was over and I took that as a good sign. Heavenly Father knows what is best for me. When I woke up all I wanted to do was get into the doctor and see my baby and to know what was going on. Lincoln came with me this time and we were both so nervous, I couldn't stop shacking. The Doctor walked into the room and said that he was thinking about me and worrying about the baby and said he was hoping that he was just over reacting yesterday. I started crying before the ultrasound even started. The moment she was on the screen you could see her little heart beating and right at that moment you could tell she was okay. Her heart was beating perfectly. She was up to 165 bpm again. Which is normal. I started crying such a wave a relief rushed all over me. I love listening to her heart it sounded so much better then yesterday. The doctor checked her again and again to make sure she looked great and she did. I am going back in 2 weeks to make sure she stays the same.
Some authors use the word “odyssey” to simply represent a journey or a passage of time. In Lily’s Odyssey author Carol Smallwood takes a more literal approach. Just as Odysseus spends years making his way home after the Trojan War, Lily struggles to find her true home in the world.
“Are you single?”
Number 6 is what seemed to be the transition point for me. Legs – just legs nothing else really – very sore, until yesterday when I went for an easy 4 mile run with my gorgeous wife (owner of Snowballs in Summer). Very easy and slow pace. And after that legs pretty much back to normal.
A self-professed advertising geek, Dan has successfully implemented innovative marketing strategies in the newspaper, magazine, digital out-of-home and action-sports industries over the past 15 years. Regardless of the medium, Dan’s approach always remains consistent: effectively delivering relevant content and brand messaging to an increasingly mobile audience that will ultimately lead to consumer engagement and sustainable results.
kenfrost.hk
~Anthony Euwer
Happy birthday to me!
Yesterday morning I was bringing a friend to the store and excitedly telling her of my amazing find when she commented about being wary of buying used furniture. Because of bed bugs.
Okay, I watched the Super Bowl.
Another strategy though would be to work – work really hard – with the best realistic actors you could find, people really and truly skilled at the art of non-verbal communication, so that we can see the wheels turning inside their heads and read their faces, which will add a level of complexity to dialogue that can too often be written off by modern audiences as simplistic or stereotypical. Mind you, I don’t personally write off the text here. But it does have to be grappled with and interpreted for the modern audience. At any rate, two or three of the present cast are excellent and up to such a task I think (Miles, Snow and Delaney were my favorites).
Tier 2 – Subsequent Realism
The setlist was similar to the previous tour by featuring the new songs for an hour, then the complete Dark Side Of The Moon after a twenty minute intermission. Echoes, the sole older number, would serve as the encore. But the difference is that, in the intervening four months, the band wrote the new song Have A Cigar and decided to insert it between parts five and six of Shine On You Crazy Diamond. The live debut of the song and the new arrangement occurred in Vancouver.
Metal might not be your music of choice, but I bet you would be hard pressed to find a man or moody teenager who wouldn’t think you were the patron saint of the kitchen if you whipped up one of Kathy’s recipes for their next birthday. Not only has she found a way to combine two of her interests, she’s done so in a creative, never-seen-before way. I applaud Kathy for taking the normally frilly, pink personality of the cupcake and morphing it into a guitar lovin’, head bangin’ rock star. Change never hurt anyone, and it’s about time the cupcake had a bit of a butch makeover.
The risk with some traditional Dolomite dishes is that they can be a bit heavy and for want of a better word “mountain-like”. Franz’s potato Canederli in place of the usual bread based dumpling was a genius idea as it made for a much lighter primo and made sure we still had room for our Ossobucho. The flourish of flowers and delicate sauces take each dish from the benign to the divine and by the end of the meal we are are literally over-dosing in flavours.
Bake cake per box instructions in 9' pans, mix sugar, sour cream and 2 cups coconut. Use mixture for filling b/t layers and icing the cake. Sprinkle the remaining coconut as garnish on top. So easy but so yummy!
Well that's all from me. A busy day today. Thanks very much for visiting with me. Hope you have a happy & safe Easter break & school hols for those of you with kidlets. Back soon with....I'm not sure yet ;0).
By Paloma Esquivel, Los Angeles Times
And what's up with that fucking rainbow spinny thing?
A couple of weeks ago my friend, The Dubliner's beer columnist and native New Yorker Richard Lubell called over bearing some interesting finds from a recent trip home to the Empire State. Would I help him drink them? Well, let me just check the diary...
I had a nosy round the size eights, and while Spanx show up there occasionally, much more often those women need to complete their look with shoes, or bags, or pretty lingerie. So it’s mostly only fat women who have “flaws”, right?
To invent the new rhythm of new possibilities.
Mario Kart 7
Those who are fine with mediocre marriages can leave their love to chance and hope for the best. But if you are committed to giving your spouse the best love you possibly can, you need to shoot for love’s highest motivation. Love that has God as its primary focus is unlimited in the heights it can attain.
Having arrived at this conclusion, we are relieved of the necessity of deciding the question as to which department of government is authorized to inquire whether the contingency on which the law is predicated still exists. The right of one or another department to declare the emergency terminated is not in issue. As a matter of fact, we have endeavored to find the will of the National Assembly—call that will, an exercise of the police power or the war power — and, once ascertained, to apply it. Of course, the function of interpreting statutes in proper cases, as in this, will not be denied the courts as their constitutional prerogative and duty. In so far as it is insinuated that the Chief Executive has the exclusive authority to say that war not ended, and may act on the strength of his opinion and findings in contravention of the law as the courts have construed it, no legal principle can be found to support the proposition. There is no pretense that the President has independent or inherent power to issue such executive orders as those under review. we take it that the respondents, in sustaining the validity of these executive orders rely on Act No. 600, Act No. 620, or Act No. 671 of the former Commonwealth and on no other source. To put it differently, the President’s authority in this connection is purely statutory, in no sense political or directly derived from the Constitution.
What have I been doing lately, you ask? Well, I dogsat (which mostly consisted of watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel for three days straight), I came home and watched more Buffy, I helped mom clean my room for me (hehe ^ ^) and then I watched some more Buffy. Actually, I strapped mom to the futon and forced her to watch the first two episodes with me. Aren't I just too evil?
<U+FFFC>It has been reported that El Rufai has reportedly struck a deal with the Gunners that will be worth at least £26 million – that’s more than £100,000 a week.
And I never said I don't want Chamille over I just don't want her over when I am not here and X rarely ever asks if she can come over cause he is always at your house. As for X doing his homework with Chamille, I just don't see much work getting done in that scenario.
Verse 20 says, “They went forth, and preached every where, the Lord working with them, and confirming the word with signs following.” God will confirm His Word, but first it has to be spoken forth. That is where you and I come in. God does not preach; He has given us the authority to do the preaching. God will not lay hands on the sick. He will bring the healing, but you and I as believers must lay hands on the sick by faith, believing God will perform His Word.
"We're from Physical Therapy, can we come in?"
We carried the Mk 48 ADCAP (for advanced capability) torpedo. It is a devastating weapon against both surface ships and submarines. We launch the torpedo to intercept the target like a hunter leads a duck. In addition, the torpedo has its own sonar system, looking for the target for a precise intercept. Not only that, but the torpedo streams a wire behind it that stays connected to the submarine. This way we could see what the torpedo was seeing and redirect the torpedo, sending steering orders down the wire, if necessary.
Although the decision of Roe v Wade has played a huge part in making safe, legal abortions more available, recent state laws have begun to oppose the lack of regulation. Many states, like Texas, South Dakota and Idaho have attempted to or have succeeded in passing new laws restricting access to abortions. Most of these laws are based on arguments that life begins at some point in development before the end of the first trimester (at 20 weeks as defined in the new Idaho law). Some of these laws have even made it so that exceptions can not be made for the victims of rape or incest. Laws like this do not protect anyone’s rights or liberties and simply deny some people services that they should have the right to access. To force someone to carry and give birth to an unwanted child, especially if that child is the product of a violent crime, seems ludicrous.
My favourite booth of the show was Rise Kombucha. They have just rebranded and you might remember them as Crudessence. They have four flavours, and my favourite is the Lemongrass (formerly known as Clarte). It’s really a great fizzy drink. Stop by for a sample and tell them that I sent you!!
I also love how she takes old, thrifted or hand me down furniture and slaps a coat of paint on it to make it into something new and stylish.
For now I can still bask in the Orange glow of my 2005 National Champions shirt until the end of the year when Ohio State is crowned the champs.
For a short while,
The events in the beginning of the Book of Daniel took place in 605 B.C. – after Jerusalem was taken by Nebuchadnezzar. Daniel would have been approximately 15 years old at that time.
I love the title of this book and after reading the reviews it might be a good reference and to browse through. It is about making it your own, with your own style maybe with things you might have, things for the flea market or things that are just brand new.
I mention these two “Supermen” because they are two of the most exciting collegiate athletes who just happen to be competing for what looks to be the two most powerful collegiate teams this year – Oregon and Florida. All of whom look to be on a collision course for the NCAA Championships this year. Both Oregon and Florida won their respective conferences this weekend (Pac-10 and SEC) and Eaton & Taylor are sure to play integral roles when everyone gets together in Eugene in early June.
Such perfectly formed fingernails, like tiny shells.
next came the tear down of the existing garage,
It's silly, really, to love this little authorial trick so much, when there is so much that is more majestic, more artful or incisive or important in Dickens' works. But I do love it - I have always loved it.
This is one of my favorite geraniums because it blooms most of the summer. I wish I remembered the name of it. I was thinking it may be 'Jolly Bee', but when I looked those up, the color of the bloom was more purple. The flowers did look similar, though.
In terms of interaction, I feel there isn’t too much interaction. There is reasonable number of comments but comments are not always responded to. But I am finding that is the case with most travel and photo bloggers. Possibly they believe when photos are speaking for themselves, the blogger need not unnecessarily waste words. But this blog definitely has scope for more interaction. The blogger clearly has lot knowledge on wildlife and photography. So the visitors might find it helpful to have a section where they can ask for tips and guidance. Possibly a separate static page for this purpose can be added.
Once you have dried off your boat completely, you may want to apply a quality wax and buff to shine and protect the fiberglass. It’s not really necessary to wax your boat after every use, but this should be done at least once or twice during the season to preserve the luster of the hull and protect against the elements and impurities. Use a quality carnauba wax and apply several coats
I built the site and reputation of PinkEssence as virtual "Hug" to the community that I love, and call my family...
Did you know…
Lisa made this adorable trio of cards using Your My Honey Bear, Sweet Baby labels, and Cute Baby. Three cards, all using 3 different stamps, that's talent!
Never walk away from oils that are melting in a pan on the stove. No one needs a house fire.
The book is a relatively quick read for non-fiction because the author has largely written about the subjects and events that a reader would be interested in e.g. were there any signs when Mike was a child and what event did eventually lead to a diagnosis. The author interweaves her family story throughout which is relevant and helps to give a perspective from their point of view and how the illness affected them.
Like the tiny sparrow
I was oblivious during the illness. My memories are from recovery: I had to wear a diaper (how embarrassing!) and re-learn how to feed myself, walk on my own and speak some sounds (s and sh were difficult). I hated having to undergo multiple EEG tests. They used something akin to airplane glue to attach dozens of electrodes to my head. After the tests, my mother would have to cut the glue from my scalp. I ended up with ugly bald spots all over my head. Too bad it wasn’t during the punk era!
From the show’s website: “Keefer Family — The team helps build a home for the family of a man who quit his job to take care of his paralyzed adult son.”
Picture 17 Beat DK in Roof
A bloody good collection, I think. A real mix of intimate and industrial, his poems are stripped down, gritty and beautiful. They explore the darker, grimmer parts of life, as well as the more physical and real emotion aspects of being... He has a way with words and images that builds distinct sensory details into a broad landscape.
I really hate cheaters! I don’t see the point of getting into a relationship if you are going to cheat on someone! Why not just be single? The flip side of that means that I believe if you are single, you have the right to do whatever you want.
The unknown attackers used rocks, clubs, firebombs and shot
Like many writers who are used to working alone in silent rooms, it's a bit traumatic to read aloud one's own work and in this case, about myself as well. I've always been afraid of public speaking, and for that reason joined International Toastmasters when I first arrived in BsAs, where I met some fabulous folks and got some experience but never conquered my fears. Still, it's a chance for personal growth, as they say.
• The Oxford introductions to US law: Intellectual property, by Dan Hunter, published by Oxford University Press. The author explains how intellectual property has contributed greatly to the innovations that society needs today, describing ways in which the expansion of IP can reduce innovation by stopping others from implementing great ideas or producing new work. The author seeks to help readers think about modern IP in a way that allows them to see how innovation and progress are linked to IP law, and how small changes in the laws have had significant consequences for our society. Further details available from the publisher's website here.
Franklin goes on to describe from the inside the post-war building up of Covent Garden, in which he played a conspicuous part. Then a most important part of the book is concerned with the problems of the singer in preparing a major role. He takes the reader through two contrasting parts in his repertoire, Baron Ochs in Rosenkavalier, and Sarastro in The Magic Flute. He includes provocative comments about the standards of teaching singing in England, about singing operas in English, and about the historical reasons for the condition of professional music in Britain.
* AGT
Well, at you can see from the above, Shareology was at the latest Social Media Breakfast in Bloomington, Minnesota; let’s take a look at the visual record:
Basic Spelling Rules – The “y to i” Rule
Scritti Politti The sweetest girl UK
That's teenagers for you. But then one day they will probably be an old romantic just like their father. And if they are ever inclined to kiss a girl in a magical place, then Cwm Idwal will still be there, waiting and as wonderful as ever.
it wasn't the best of times, it wasn't the worst of times. i'll take it. i usually shoot for an 85% happy average. this year has been no different. i'm thinking i might shoot for the stars in 2011, though. mebbie 87%? it's a good time to think of these things as i pretty much have a clean slate for the year to come, eh? well, until 12:01...when i start screwing things up. ha! optimism ftw!
In the same complex of Mocenigo palaces, the Countess of Arundel was two centuries earlier involved in an intrigue with a Venetian noble. It cost Antonio Foscari his life. He was executed on April 21st, 1621, on a charge of mingling with foreigners. The Countess was furious, and told the Doge so. On January 16th, 1623, the Venetian state belatedly issued an apology.
And back to our entrance again. He had me jump over holes, do quite a few loops, zig and zag, and generally have a fun walk home. His favorite is the Jumps, where the trail stops and you have to jump to where it starts again. Not my favorite.
This is like saying that you are a big environmentalist, that you totally support people who take care of the earth, and would not support any business or organization that pollutes. But also, it is government intrusion to have laws that make it illegal for businesses to intentionally dump poison into rivers.
Dates: Aug 6-10; Age/Grade Range: 8-17yo
1.Great Day For Up "Taste of The Wasted" from Flores de Sangre
You will update the web site and Facebook group. If you have experience with Joomla and K2, you will rock! If you have social-media marketing expertise, I will hug you...virtually, of course.
I see him every night when I try to shut them.
Now I've come inside and opened all the windows to let the desert night whisper in. The moon is full and glorious and at any moment the coyotes will make themselves known. Cats and rabbits, beware.
Paul didn’t even look human after two weeks in the water. Only knew it was him on account of what was left of the tattoos he wore on his arms.
I would have Bernardo Carpio, the giant, and we will laugh about how storytellers (including me) twist his story to suit our ends.
The picture has nothing to do with substitute teaching. I found it when Michael and I were looking through our little kid pictures for the wedding video and I thought it was pretty adorable.
However, one of the most treasured books in the box was my mother's Bible. What a surreal experience it has been to read her Bible with all the notes in the margins and highlighted passages. I would like to share something she wrote on the page of First Peter. She circled the word "grace" which appears frequently in this epistle. Her handwritten note in the margin reads as follows: "Grace - undeserved blessing of God's unfailing love, forgiveness thru Christ, divine assistance for our journey."
– 12 FL “Stand Your Ground” Cases Protected People Who Pursued Others
Deadline: January 15, 2011
So I payed for the <U+FFE5>315 and bought the crap then after I finished the prologue and chapter 1 *drum rolls*
Whats My Name
This podcasting stuff is kinda fun.
"A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds," riposted Brodsky, never at a loss for words. "The answer is, right now, I'm wrestling with a series of emergencies and the fact of the matter is that the Hudson Yards deal does not represent a thought-out economic development strategy or priority for what the city and the region need. In defense of that, we're scrambling for ways of gaining some control. It's not necessarily intellectually consistent."
This is because when much of humanity who is already prone to judgment hears such a term, they feel in themselves the separation and the feelings that the group of souls or soul in question is different from them and must be hated for it. It may be a bit difficult initially to break so to speak, the propaganda that has been placed over the eyes of so many dear souls who possess Lighted energy but who are simply directing such energy in the wrong avenues of Life; avenues that will gain them much negative karma and see them hindered in their growth as a soul.
However, most women are drawn to the big and colorful pictures in a women’s magazine first than any reading articles or printed matter in a women’s magazine. The sight impact is very strong with women; hence, there are more pictures in a women’s magazine than in other types of magazines.
Free: (Free) If you go for the free package, you will have to suffer one or 2 adverts interrupting your music every 20 mins or so, as well as banner ads in the program. On top of this, after 6 months you will be limited to 10hrs per month and only up to 5 plays of any tracks. This is to try to encourage you to get a pay account. In the past they have had invite accounts which take these limitations away but currently we don’t know what they have planned for Australia.
His teeth are sticking
· The Way of Dailyness
*Must be linked back to the challenge blog
I’m looking forward to Morgenstern’s next book, whatever it may be.
I ate with speed, but not with haste;
I love them.
On the "Fairy" bag I have used more candy, and one of my favorite Lindsay Mason "Funstamps", called Dotty Flower, I just love this and use it all the time. It is quite large and very detailed, and really easy to stamp and cut out.
Are you fucking serious?
Quinoa Salad with Cilantro and Cukes
Let's start with crushes. It'll be short, I promise. My friends keep teasing me that I have an obsession with J names. In a way, it's kinda true? I mean, the past 3 crushes I had all had J names. I have no idea why. I almost developed a crush on my friend who has a J name too. Seriously. I have no idea why. Ok this is kinda weird? Hehe let's move on.
Politically, Bersih 3.0 will reveal whether Malaysia will become more polarised or compromises can be reached. It will either provide momentum for the opposition, or signal an early election by Najib if turnout is low, in which he will win, in part due to the problems engendered in the system.
Please excuse my absence. I just spent five (kid free!!) days in Albuquerque for my sister's baby shower. It's her first and I'm so excited to become an auntie for the first time!
Holy Blog Neglect!! Somebody alert the authorities! Life has been busy and wonderful, and I thought once my semester ended I would have all of this time on my hands. Someday I'll learn it doesn't really work that way. Now that I've told you how busy I am, I'm going to tell you about my new favorite time waster, Pinterest. Have you seen it? At first I didn't really get it, and it took me some time to realize how wonderful it is. A collection of people's favorite things that, for me, turns into a swirling collage of beautiful imagery. I love it a lot. You can pin your faves and sort things into categories and even follow your friends. Purely awesome!
I still haven't decided whether I want to take this site offline, or leave it up until it has obviously run its course. I would prefer to "go out on top" though, rather than let the site continue to die a slow and miserable death. If anyone would like for me to send them the source code for the blogroll, or create a text file with all the links to the blogs listed here, I would be happy to do so. For those interested, I will still be maintaining the aggregated RSS feed for all the sites that are listed here for my own personal reasons on my Google Reader account. You can find the address to it here: http://www.google.com/reader/shared/user/02628427451354667243/label/Shared%20Items
Alyssa has had a few moments of bad attitude, but she has used the tools that we gave her and has been able to switch things up and turn her attitude around. I am so proud of her determination!
...BONE (goes) all the way to the bottom of the family swamp, where the wild man lies, and dredge that deep man up. As Robert Bly once wrote in IRON JOHN:
Ugh, that stinks, Stephanie! Really! My ear doesn't hurt, but I still can't hear out of it. I'm getting used to it though. It's kinda nice blocking some of the noise out. I'm kinda hoping my right ear will plug up too.
Old Fashioned
This Is one that can be harder to plan for but if you have at least a few months planned out then it should not be too bad. Again do you have a place to consistently go to make progress toward your goal.
Fix a good healthy lunch for the family
This in itself isn't a problem, but the hike we had planned would take a couple of hours, the restaurant wasn't open, and pouring rain isn't totally conducive to a picnic. No tto mention we were hiking to place with a look out tower and views, which would be pretty pointless if the amazing views were shrouded in cloud.
Content: 150ml
“It is always noon somewhere on earth.” Similarly there is always a certain point in history extant somewhere among the universes. But we cannot hop skip and jump between universes, we are confined by what we perceive as the vast, vast distances between them.
Next week I will be heading to the Pacific Northwest and will be making stops in Bellevue, WA (right outside of Seattle) and Vancouver, BC in Canada. You can read more about these events here.
He also said, “Whatever is in the heart overflows into speech.” (Luke 6:45b TLB)
34 rue Yves Toudic
Who are you?
If they don't make you want to pull your hair out and scream, you're not paying attention. Here we go:
Hope you are all enjoying your summer, I will be back soon,
Vladimir Putin had sent them. They were to kill Kassidy and takeWilcock to Canada where Eva Moore would transform him into one of her kind, the werekind, the wolf pack.
It is shown that Left-wing activism is often termed 'moralistic' by its opponents. It is suggested that any idea that moral statements could have truth value is delusory and a moralist is defined as one who accepts such a delusion. A scale was devised to detect the extent to which people use moral criteria in deciding on courses of action. This 'moralism' scale showed a reliability of .90. On a group of one hundred technical college students moralism was found to be high in two groups of respondents -- those who were radical on social issues and those who were conservative on issues of sexual morality. In the second study a polarised sample was obtained by student interviewers in a campus-wide study at the University of New South Wales. The issue was attitude to Apartheid. Anti-apartheid demonstrators were found to have lower moralism scores than the non-demonstrators but their moralism scores correlated highly with social desirability. A second study with Sociology I students confirmed this finding and also showed that demonstrators tended to reject intellectually the notion of an objective Right and Wrong. The high correlation with social desirability is interpreted to indicate however that the radical is strongly drawn to moralism even though he rejects it intellectually.
"Excellent! The course was very useful and exceeded my expectations." Amy Dalguish, Travel Editor, Total Travel
-Witnessing the dedication of the walkers
Having said this, alumni are also one of the most under-estimated, and at times, under-valued assets when it comes to the promotional, recruiting and fundraising opportunities of high schools and universities. When most of us think of alumni relation programs, the first thing that comes to mind is usually fundraising. However, a strong alumni relations program can be much more impactful from a marketing perspective than what you may initially expect.
"George!" she exclaimed, without even pausing to think, and off she went to catch the school bus.
Remember, arguments are not merely about wasting time trying to persuade your opponent: in the end, hopefully you will come out with a firmer grasp on your own position or a new understanding of the issue. Sending your opponent on a wild goose chase for more evidence, especially with the presumption that your opponent hasn’t already done the research, won’t result in any new or better understanding, and so it should simply be rejected.
On 18 May, 1539, de Soto set sail , (leaving his bride in Cuba) with a fleet of nine vessels. He had with him 1000 men exclusive of the sailors, all well armed and making up what was considered to be the best equipped expedition that had ever set out for conquest in the New World. Some sources listed him as leaving in 1538 with seven ships, about 600 men, 250 horses, and many bloodhounds.
The huge, white concrete slabs are incongruous against the wasteland and scrub. It's almost as though I'm reliving my childhood games in the garden and I've shrunk down to the size of my lego set. And, as I struggle to find the entrance, I wonder if, just like some of my lego creations, they've forgotten to put in a door.
Inside, where else, there are different sized casks, it takes some close inspection for E@L to absorb this fact, new oak, old oak. Some are Voignier. White wine. Those are short chain polymers (E@L is pushing his memory beyond its usual boundaries here for this technical stuff). A little is added for brightness (and more polymers). Or was that back in the cellar door. E@L has to go for a piss. Through the office, bit of a mess, but hey, it's a man's world as the seat is up.
So, another memorable visit to Angers. The next Burgess milestone will be 2012, and the 50th anniversary of the publication of A Clockwork Orange.
“No,” Evans replied. “To tell you the truth I’m a little chary of photographers. But if you liked, Mr. Digby, I could easily arrange for the picture to be photographed, so that you could have a copy to compare with yours. Perhaps you would not object to your picture being photographed too?”
FREE. All welcome. Light refreshments will be served.
And the perfect Candi to go with this set is the Newspaper Candi. They come packaged in black and white, and the black ones I fournd were perfect for my card. The really cool thing about the white ones, is you can color them any color that you like.
Even if you don't care about the previous nine items, this item alone should convince you. The vast majority of exhibitors offer free samples of their seafood, a diverse mix of delicious choices. Sushi to crabcakes, oysters to grilled lobster tail, fried shrimp to grilled catfish, and plenty more. There is so much food here, you won't need to eat breakfast, lunch or dinner because you will already be full and sated. I ate lots today, enjoying much of what I tasted, and I will highlight some of the foods in future posts. My only complaint is that they need more drinks available, even if only water.
Neill, I'm a child of the 90's. Don't get me wrong, I loved the 80's, lots of fond memories, and the decade that contains most of my favorite films. My aesthetic though, totally 90's. You can tell because of the 'Danger: Gasoline' lettering on the above skull..helmet...lawnmower...thing.
That’s right, apparently sealing up the attic only resulted in the squirrels coming into the main part of the house. The first was yesterday during lunch. I walked around the corner to get Arthur Dent some water and saw a squirrel in the kitchen. I squealed, it squealed. I ran, it ran. Unfortunately for it, and us, it ran through the family dining room where we were eating and there was more squealing. The little guy ran into the sitting room and disappeared. We opened the front door and tried to find it to chase it out, but it was nowhere to be found. A half hour or so later, The International Man of Intrigue found it cowering in a window gate and helped it out the front door, like a proper visitor.
That’s the neat thing about traditions: They go with us no matter how far from home we travel.
"Your book on how to pick up trashy women came today. Tell me something.... what's a little boy like you doing with big boy smut like this?"
On that note, I think taking a moment to talk about Whitney Houston is in order. In particular, the attitude I've been seeing around the Internet that she doesn't deserve to be mourned because of the problems in her life. For example, on Twitter:
Is known to be the wisest woman in Europe,
The Spring Has Arrived. Couple of signs of that are:
breakfast, sunshine, the beach, dogs. . .it was like a movie. And yes, he was very nice and not at all scared of my career or my tattoos.
BATTER MIX: Mix all of the seasonings and flour together and then add water and whisk to a smooth and thick consistency. Dip chicken pieces in the batter and fry on a moderately high heat for 20 minutes or until cooked through. It may be easier to remove the bone from the chicken pieces, for a quicker cooking time. OR you can fry the chicken until the coating goes crispy and then preheat your oven and cook the pieces for a further 15-20 minutes on 180 degrees, or until cooked through.
PreviousBondings 2.0 posts on the LCWR case:
Congratulations Kendra please email me nichola.fairbairn@googlemail.com with your choice of 1 free Wags 'n Whiskers Rubber Stamp and your mailing address.
They are not shoes for Christmas but a gift from Junmin! Christmas came early for me this year. They’re not only a great fit but perfectly my style! Fabulous!
I couldn't really think of ten things I wish I could delete either. I have made lots of mistakes, had my heart broken, been thoughtless and cruel, made and lost friends. The thing is, each mistake, or unkind word has been a lesson learned. If you delete those things, it changes who you are now. So although I have regrets, for lack of a better word, there aren't many things I would delete.
So ya here is my quick post of my favorite products of the Month June, i have sawtches of the e/e, lipstick, lipgloss/eyeliner in my video, so if you guys are interested, go watch it~~~is there anything from my list you've tried??? let me know~~~or ask me anything just leave me a comment~~~
However, this is could not have been done on purpose and could not have been the establishments original intent. No one when opening a restaurant, or any business in general, wants to open with rude service, crude conversation, and criticizing customers. But this quirky way of doing things ended up evolving into something good for business oddly enough and truly remarkable.
Cornbread is unlike the cakey version of its Southern cousin, arriving as egg-sized individual balls that have been deep-fried. The exterior shell is harder to crack apart that we first expect, revealing a dense cumin-studded bread that we spread generously with the house-made cumin butter supplied.
I will continue my efforts in “Life at Abhi” and will try to include my experiences, time to time so that younger generation takes it as a moral and never repeats the mistakes.
And so, as the montage ends, all five dogs once again gather in the long grass. Moon is soaked!
3. Israel, Iran And Reason, examines the reaction to the AWL's arguments for supporting a pre-emptive Israeli attack on Iran.
I have a huge head so I know to sit low. People with big heads that haven’t figured this out yet should be in prison. If it’s the hair that’s making the head in front of you so big, just trim some of it off with a pair of scissors. It’s dark, and they won’t notice what you've done to them until they get home. By that time, you’re already half-way to Mexico.
Preparing dinner, later viewing the PBS News Hour I listen to talk of Middle East uprisings with speculations repeating no one knows what the outcome will be. Problems in Africa when a leader refuses to relinquish his office to a popularly elected replacement. The day is coming to an end. Tomorrow I'll shop for grocery items I need in the house to prepare for an upcoming colonoscopy. The preparation experience always seems worse than the procedure.
Today we get up and decide to have a look around Huanchaco. We walk straight to the beach. This town is a surfers paradise and we can see why. There are some big waves here. We walk along the waterfront and decide to have a really early lunch since we haven’t had any breakfast. We get a set menu for 10 soles of salad, lamb saltado and a drink of inca kola. The saltado comes out and it is the worst saltado we have been given. I eat the fries and red onions only! As we leave this restaurant it is then lunch. We continue on our walk along the beach and come up to the pier. We pay the 50 centisoles (25 cents NZ) and go on. A lot of the locals fish off this pier and we see many of them walking back with their plastic bags full of fish. After the pier we then continue along the beach. We come up to the reed boats that are still used by the locals for fishing. These boats are used in a similar way to a surf board. The rider sits on the boat and their legs dangle on either side. They tend paddle themselves out with a stick. We get to the end of the beach and decide to head to the ruins which are near by. We walk back along the street to catch the bus and i see four people across the road waving at me. “Do i know these people?” I decide to wave back and then i realise who they are. They are the Swiss guys that we met in Bolivar! We walk over and have a chat to them for a while. Afterwards we then flag down a bus to Chan Chan. The bus is completely full of school aged children from the ages of 6 – 9. We jump on and this cute little girl stands out of her seat and offers it to Rico. Of course Rico doesn’t take it and tells her to sit back down. This bus is very packed that we have to hold on to the ceiling to stop from toppling over. Me and Rico must look so funny standing in this crowded bus full of school kids. After five minutes the driver tells us that we are in Chan Chan. We jump off and there is lady sitting there. She tells us that we have to walk 2km down the drive way to the Chan Chan ruins. She also gives us some history and tells us that 300,000 people lived at this site and the ruins covered 30 km. We then head up the drive way. This town is very hot, so this isn’t the easiest walk. When we get to the entrance we find that the same lady we were talking to at the end is there. She tells us that she drove up, which means she drove straight pass us and didn’t offer us a ride! We wouldn’t have taken one anyway. We buy our entrance ticket which is 10 soles (5) and this will also get us entry into the museum and two other archaeological sites. We then head into Chan Chan. This city was surrounded by a large high wall. We walk in and see that this city is huge! I can see how 300,000 people lived here. The ruins are no where near as good as Machu Picchu, but they are good in their own respect. We see the huge plaza which was used for ceremonial purposes. We see the lagoon they made to grow crops. We see where the residents would have lived. What i did like about this place is the decorations on the walls. They had pictures of fish and birds on them, it looks really good. After this we catch the bus back to Huancaco. We then go to the mini-market and buy a Trujillo beer each and an ice cream. We then walk back to the hostel and play some card games and drink the beer while it is still sunny. Once the sun goes down we head back to the beach for dinner. We go to a restaurant and order the set menu. The set menu includes Ceviche which is fish marinated in lemon juice. Since Rico doesn’t like fish we ask for an alternative to ceviche. The guy tells us we can have soup. So we agree to the soup and we both get the lamb saltado for our main. This is basically exactly what we had for lunch. Our soup comes out and Rico tries it and exclaims “very flavoursome”. I try it and it is really nice. We are both eating our soup and Rico eats a piece of the meat in the soup and says “oh its fish soup, i don’t like it”. I still thought it was really nice and i ate all of it. Our lamb saltado comes out and i try it hoping that it is good and it is. I eat all of this and im very grateful that it wasn’t like the one i had earlier in the day! After our dinner we then walk back to the hostel and do some reading of our lonely planet for our next destination and then head to bed.
Elemental: Undines (water-based nymphs)
"It’s a whippet, he’s fast!"
3. Birthday cake Oreos (aka the best invention on the planet!)
Yesterday I was reading my friend Suzy’s blog … I was lured in by her email announcing that it was Friday afternoon and that she was knackered and had decided to make some changes. As it happened I couldn’t remember the last time I’d felt so tired myself, so I took a little break from work and read about her plans for an 8 day week.
A tale that is largely played out iniside their respective heads. The point of view switches continually, fuelling each character’s fire with increasingly heated dramatic irony.
He had brought heaps of those books back with him from Calcutta. He would read them in solitude, and he would day dream about, about what? This was when his father became ill, and with poverty looming, his mother made the request to take up the jute mill job. What would he do? What could he do? He couldn’t tolerate his parents’ suffering. So obviously he had to take up the jute mill job. But he also knew that this was not the subject of his dreams. A centre forward of football, the district champion in high jump, the famous swimmer Shankar, he would turn up as a clerk in a jute mill? Putting his rice and dal in the tiffin carrier, and a paan in a little box in the coat pocket, running to the mill every morning by the siren, back for a quick lunch at noon, then wait for the siren at six for the knock off time. He just couldn’t see himself in that life. His whole being was repelled by the very idea — a race stallion ending up pulling carts!… It was close to the evening. Sitting on the river bank, this is what Shankar was thinking. He wanted to sail off to some far away land, amidst danger, like Livingstone and Stanley, like Marco Polo and Robinson Crusoe. That is what he had prepared himself for since childhood. Of course, he had never thought that these could happen to men from other lands, not Bengal. Bengalis were brought up to be clerks, teachers, doctors or lawyers. For them, adventures in strange lands were just what you would read in books!
Mathematical theories:
F.) USA
Check back later this week for a look-see.
Race relations are inverted to challenge a dominant ideology of race that suggests Anglo Americans are superior to other races and African Americans are more prone to illegal activities.
see the difference
An important detail. There was a time, a very long time ago now, when Brian was prone to these things. A period of atypical behaviour which was used most specifically by Chris Claremont, in maybe some 15 issues total, of his run in early Excalibur. For many of course (Because Captain Britain's adventures between 1976 and 1987 were not published in America until last year) it was their first encounter with Brian, and they took it as gospel that this was how the character usually behaved - as a pompous, boorish idiot, who made poor decisions, and didn't want to be a team player. This was never Chris Claremont's intention, of course. It was designed very much to highlight how Brian reacted to grief.
Forget the environmental issues on Namskaket marsh. We now know that Mike Giggey and Wright-Pierce have been low-balling the estimates--skeptics might even suggest "milking" the town for engineering fees. Environmental litigation now looms ahead on a number of fronts because Wright-Pierce has been performing engineering work without regard for the despoilment of Namskaket and the actual "need" for sewering in town. Inexcusably, the hydrogeologic conditions on the marsh are still essentially unknown. Those studies should have been completed first--years ago----not dead last. The evaluation process under Wright-Pierce's guidance has been skewed to promote the firm's specialty--the most expensive "big pipe" system. Giggey is in essence a "luxury car dealer" trying to convince the town to buy the most costly model. Namskaket is a "crown jewel" estuary and Skaket Beach a prime recreational resource. Both are now being put at risk under the centralized plan. Salt marsh restoration is being recognized Cape-wide as the path to the future. Orleans is going in the opposite direction. The rationale for sewering has collapsed with the loss of population and these environmental concerns. No rational person can escape these factors.
Once we begin to see the relationship of cause and effect, we can begin to determine how to best help our friends and family. We can begin to offer appropriate advice or direction to help them move forward instead of just simply consoling the effects of a broken and dysfunctional life area. I’m not saying we should not be sympathetic toward those who have relationship or money issues. There are thousands of things that can affect any one of our life areas at any given time. And it’s perfectly okay for us to provide a shoulder to lean on or encourage someone toward a better tomorrow.
If you are watching the world media, you probably think Indonesia is ablaze with corpses littering the streets. Hardly the case. The reason for the hype is twofold, I suspect. One is government greed and the other is the use of natural or man-made events to maintain a climate of fear.
Fuel - S/T (Sixth International 1990)
~Jason Sanford
At 9 weeks I had my first appointment with my obstetrician only to find out that I had a UTI (Urinary Tract Infection) that had been left untreated for 3 weeks and was put on antibiotics. I was also told that it can be quite risky to get a UTI in early pregnancy.. which was just what I needed.. something else to worry about! Tom and I kept saying "why can't we just have a normal pregnancy like everyone else?"
know the look of things
Framing lovely dark eyes,
Chaste – easily corrupted. Honest – liar.
A recent White Paper released by the National Population and Talent Division under the Prime Minister’s Office claims that Singapore needs to take in 20,000 to 25,000 new citizens year to sustain its population growth.
I have a real fear of my teeth falling out.
After presenting a chapter-long list of complaints to God, Habakkuk says, “I will stand at my watch and station myself on the ramparts; I will look to see what he will say to me, and what answer I am to give to this complaint” (Habakkuk 2:1). And God answered Him.
In the kitchen, the girls prepare hot dogs, and take a sex quiz. Arch and Chazz decide to film the garden, while mocking Nikki. Hal finds a library or study, and wastes no time stealing cigars from a nearby desk.
I was back in the hospital again, days before I was to enter a rehab, having fallen and broken my nose in a blackout. For three weeks after that, they, the hospital, the detox, and then the rehab, wondered if my brain would come back enough for me to live a normal life. Amazingly, it did. Amazingly, after another rehab, and two jail stays, and a 6 month half way house, I finally got sober, but she, the one who was trying to kill us, lived on, this time, feeding on shame. She had plenty to eat, even when the rest of us didn’t. I was getting stronger, and her far, far, weaker. What finally killed her, the protector, and the queen of dissociation? I believe in was the arrest that led me to spend six months of the last year in prison.
..... does not smell as sweet. Shakespeare was wrong.
Put the cooked chicken on a clean platter or large serving dish. Spoon the cooked veggies all around the chicken.
Some people, however, refuse to surrender. Consider these two cases...
Beginning at that center mark, make a mark in the center, at 9"
This shows that the industry does have some sort of a code of ethics, no matter how vague. But many consider this irrelevant, stating that the act of advertising is inherently bad. Usually, the argument is that it makes people buy things they don't really need. That, left to themselves, without the influence of advertising, they wouldn't have bought it. "Mindless consumerism," it's called. The question is, who is to decide what people need, and what they don't? Besides food, clothing, shelter, and basic healthcare, what do people really need?
Coriander leaves : 2 tbsp
But above that and more than that, a good sex scene is a SCENE.
Here's a clip from one of my favorite movies, Carmen, by Carlos Saura.
Ok, can I just say that I CANNOT believe it's already February (almost) and spring semester is already like 3 weeks in. I know I always say how fast time goes by in my posts....but for real, I am trippin out!!!! So I finally have my emploi du temps all figured out. You may think registering for classes would be slightly easier second semester, since I did it before. No. Pas du tout. It was an excruciating process filled with hours of waiting, confusion, uncertainty and being made fun of for my terrible accent. Ok, maybe I'm exaggerating a little- it wasn't thaaaat bad. I made it out alive! But the disorganization of French...everything...never ceases to amaze me.
Gold Clutch, H&M, $24.95
which has the support of virtually all the major factions of Honduran
In secondary school I felt caught up in the apparent sudden backlash against ANZAC Day and the argument from the Left that the day was less a commemoration and more a glorious celebration of war, white men and the subjugation of women. I know I learned the ‘moratorium’ from driving past anti-war graffiti in the city. This was followed (seemingly overnight but I’m sure the years have dimmed the accuracy of the memory) by a groundswell of fervent devotion as the public came to realise that the last of the original Diggers would soon disappear. It was as if a switch had been flicked and it became something of a pleasant duty to attend a commemorative dawn service on ANZAC Day.
21 June
3/4 tsp ground ginger
with our treasure:
1 small pie pumpkin (about 2 pounds)
And the darkness re-enters our souls.
Heat oil in a pressure cooker .Add fennel seeds ,let it splutter.Add chopped garlic and ginger saute.To this add finely chopped Onion saute for 1 minute .Add tomato to this saute for another 1 minute.Add all the dry powders fry till raw smell goes away.Add chicken pieces, pour 1/2 to 1 cup water .If you want curry to be less thick add water accordingly.Finally add salt and coriander leaves to the cooker .Cover and pressure cook the chicken for one whistle on high flame.Turn off the stove and leave it on the stove itself .Open only when all the pressure has been released from the cooker.
knocked on his front door asking for gardening work on Sunday morning.
Hands down the most interesting experience we had all weekend, though, was our ill-fated attempt at getting tickets to the Kanye West/ Jay Z concert. It was sort of a last minute decision, and since the show was sold out, we headed down to the concert and try to pick up some tickets from the dudes hanging around outside of the stadium.
3-4 cups hashbrowns
Under Pressure
which are constructed today are customized and well – furnished with the latest
In fact, anyone caught by the police force taking pictures of others being beaten up, were also beaten up badly. It did not matter if some of these individuals were media personnel, local or foreign; or ordinary Malaysians.
Today was such a perfect day that I did no useful work at all. Mostly I wandered about outside, enjoying the spring weather. But I also took in John Carter, the movie that Disney in its wisdom decided shouldn't have the words of Mars appended to its title. Synoptic review: If you liked the books when you were young, you'll enjoy it greatly. But if this isn't your sort of thing, then I don't expect you'll give it a try.
Wired goes on to relate how, one "cold winter morning," Heatherwick showed the visiting reporter a photograph of "a prototype bridge built at London’s science-focused Imperial College."
Status and Submission Western numbers are mainly unusual to pretty common; regionally typical. Southern subspecies-group (bewickii group) declining; altus subspecies (“Appalachian” Bewick’s wren), of doubtful tax­­onomic credibility, decreased to remnant populations; nominate bewickii subspecies, primarily based in Ozarks, decreasing. Large quantity of any inhabitants may be overlooked by experts different with tune. Breeding: environment types more diverse than for most wrens, but shrubby crops always a need. Western individuals consistent dry juniper foothills, luxurious riparian passages, personal regions, etc. Southern subspecies-group formerly populated open woodlands; now wants places with people useless. Migration: american numbers mostly inactive. Southern numbers migratory, with common design of dispersal southern region and west following reproduction. Winter: as reproduction, with usually hotter and lower-elevation element. Vagrant: extralimital information difficult to review. Obvious vagrants in the Eastern may be history, natural migrants, or real vagrants. Obvious vagrants in the Western aspect may talk about advance-guard wildlife engaged in vary expansions. In cheaper Mo and Illinois Stream Valleys, identify between potential vagrants of eastern compared to american numbers.
Details: Create a 1-page black and white cover for your comic. This should include the title, appropriate picture, author, and chapter name if applicable.
Please pop over and check out all the wonderful projects the design team has to show you and enter your creation for a chance to win this months prize.
Speaking of which, I *have* actually done some tatting since my last post.
Hex wakes up sometime later to find himself in a cell with the still-talking Chako. Hex breaks Chako's nose to shut him up.
You're the coolest and you made my week!
Giving presents is easy. Oh sure, some may claim to be stressed about the possibility that the recipient won’t enjoy or appreciate what you spent minutes picking out for them. But in reality, most people, regardless of what you wrapped up in your finest tacky Santa Snowman Rudolph Jingle Balls Birthday paper, will put on a happy face and give you a big ol’ hug and/or kiss and wish you a Merry McSomething. If you know the person well enough, or they simply have no pokerface, then you may indeed go home feeling like shit, knowing you had a shitty gift. But no matter what the case may be, just assume the best and give in to whatever their reaction is. Don’t try and dissect if it’s fake or not, by staring them down and asking dumb questions.
Love, Tor xx
After we finished coloring the hair we shampooed and conditioned the whole head. Beware that this color is not permanent but will definitely stay in light hair for a long time, brunettes for less time. The lighter your hair, the more vibrant. If you’re a brunette or redhead, you would have to have your hairstylist lighten the tips prior to dip dying your ponytail. Otherwise, chalking is another great temporary option.
There is no time to find out; they must exit the stage to make room for other graduates. Quickly, my sister turns to hug my father, her enormous diploma in its cover between them. And then, to my surprise, instead of offering his usual one-handed pat on the back, my father raises both arms, almost as if opening a pair of wings. He folds them around her, pulling her close, draping her in the scarlet of his own mantle, oblivious to the leather folder poking them both in the ribs.
Sarawak Report will be seeking clarification from Astro on these matters and also seeking a copy of the National Content Regulations to try and find out exactly how censorship is practised in Malaysia and for what purpose!
Our mind’s discipline
SU Pink Passion
Lesson: The chances of meeting a celebrity when actually carrying it are slim to none. The few autographs I’ve gotten are on the back of tickets that are now taped into the book.
On Saturday, the wind was from the SE at about 8-11 knots. With the wind direction, the starting line was set such that a boat could not cross the line on starboard, but could cross perpendicular to the line on port tack. We maneuvered toward the boat end of the line and with the time counting down, sailed starboard about halfway down the line and tacked to port, crossing the line well ahead of the other four boats in our class. Dulcinea(J105) and Carmanah(C&C 43) were off to the right of the boat end, and Tantalus(Express 37) and Blackout(Schock30/30 GP) went too far north of the line into lighter winds and could not get back to the line in time for the start.
Article 1, Section 9, Clause 4: “No capitation, or other direct tax, shall be laid, unless in proportion to the census or enumeration herein before directed to be taken.”
The very peak of man’s ascent.
Guess it's time to dust off the blog.
Do I think Gibson should be arrested for these comments? Not the ones he made privately, though definitely for the ones he made directly to his ex since that’s clearly abusive. But it is telling that a large segment of people have excused these words and are unwilling to even condemn them morally if not legally.
In 1994 Thurman appeared in Quentin Tarantino’s Pulp Fiction, which grossed over $107 million on a budget of only $8 million. Thurman was nominated for the Best Supporting Actress Oscar the following year. She became one of Tarantino’s favorite actresses to cast; he told Time magazine in 2003 that she was “up there with Garbo and Dietrich in goddess territory.
Let’s go back to the alpine pastures… how very beautiful… those little wooden houses up there, with the little restaurants – and souvenir shops… I can’t tell for sure – we were never allowed in… that’s what we had taken our rucksacks for. Instead of drinking the cold spring water up there we had to carry our water and food up which didn’t ease the pain – at least not mine…
Last night a tiny baby squirrel was discovered chirping and freaking out in our back yard. There were about 10 kids back there playing and shouting and banging sticks together when they noticed him dancing along the ground under the hedge crying for help and comfort. Fortunately my friend held the hoard at bay. I wandered out to inquire about the commotion and the poor baby ran straight up to me, climbed into my hand, tucked his head into my bosom and closed his eyes. Unfortunately, Matt and my friend conspired against me, Matt getting a box together and my friend greedily making off with him at a remarkable speed.
I had occasion to stop by the Redneck Central General Horspital and Sock Emporium a few days ago, visiting Mum (she was in with a generally non-threatening by mighty unpleasant ailment). I drove around and around the parking lot before deciding to bend reality a little and park in the clergy spaces. Now, don't fret; I AM clergy, an ordained minister in fact. It's just that I wasn't really there for clerical purposes, unless you consider clean frilly-unmentionables as spiritually uplifting, which, now that I think of it, I do, so there.
Before I go, Reader, I want to let you know that I will be having a special contributor on here to write up a very special entry of the Don't Judge A Book series. Here's a little hint: it has to do with a major movie that just hit theaters. Until then, Reader,
Watt said the beer should be treated with care when drinking.
I have worked very hard to achieve a reputation for sincerity, honesty and trustworthiness and I hope this little attempt at an April Fool's prank that backfired does not permanently besmirch my name. I hope that my readers will forgive me and not judge me too harshly for this misstep and I promise in return that nothing like this will ever happen again. I pledge that this modest blog will once again return to its serious mission to enlighten and inform and will leave the practical jokes and sophomoric humor behind. On that you have my word.
I thinks it's fair to say that this family is a little bit OUT OF TOUCH.
Tomorrow is the big day, Valentines! I made these kool Valentines for my tween's classmates. i used non-traditional colours because my kids like to be unique. I also found a "Star Wars" font so the boys' in her class don't feel it's too girly for them. I saw some of the cutest ideas on Pinterest, the Kool-aid cards were my favorite.
Yet it is we who, though our good will carry guilt for that of which we are no more guilty than any other and for which, in many cases, we are the least to blame.
2 cups plain flour
But there were so many people you just had to meet
Belly fat defined "Belly fat or abdominal fat," according to Dr. Francisco Lopez of the Mayo Clinic, "is defined as having more than 40 inches of waist circumference for men and more than 35 inches for women." So if you have accumulated too much abdominal fat beware!
Towards the end of its life the theatre incorporated the Pauline Johnson confectionery store, a popular stop before the main feature. In earlier years it was one of Con Jones ‘Don’t Argue’ tobacconists stores (“Don’t Argue – Con Jones sells fresh tobacco”). Today there’s a 1974 corner office tower of the McCarter Nairne and Partners Pacific Centre Mall – the colours ‘brightened’ from the more sombre earlier ‘black towers’ to the south.
There was the woman on incapacity benefit living with ME, or "yuppie flu"as the prejudiced might say when asked what sort of people are getting benefits when there is nothing seriously wrong with them.
Fax: +1.650.243.2750
And anyone willing to embrace the RAND framework in principle still has to deal with the inertia of old habits and settled ways of doing things.
Well helllooooo to all our lovely followers and sponsors, we hope you have had a fabby christmas and new year??? i sure did, but now the decs are down and normality kicks in you have to realise how many over indulgences you have had lol,
How many of us wish that we had a dime for every time we heard "God doesn't give us more than we can handle" as we are going through tough situations. How many of us have said it ourselves to a loved one while searching for comforting words? It is comforting to believe that eventually the trial will end you'll be okay on the other side.
Mastering the AcuGraph isn’t difficult as long as you take it step by step. So let’s take a minute and go over the 3 steps to learning how to maximize your investment.
That said then I do believe it needed for the societies to offer the opportunity for people of any faith, to live according to that faith, as far as they participate and accept the laws of the country. We have an expression in the Talmud, Dina Malchuta Dina, the law of the land is the law (Bava Kama 113a, Bava Batra 54b-55a et.al. The extent of the principle is discussed among the Rishonim (the medieval rabbis), some stating that it is only related to financial matters, where others state that it is in general where the law doesn’t go against the Torah), at least so far as it doesn’t force people to go against the Torah. For example, should ritual slaughter be prohibited in Denmark, it wouldn’t mean that the Jews in Denmark would have to eat unkosher meat, though it would make it hard for them to find and achieve kosher meat.
20. Born To Run
- You scream that your parents are not letting you make your own decisions and you still sleep with an arsenal of stuffed animals.
We started at the factory, where we were shown mulberry leaves that the silkworm were fed, and the whole cycle of the silkworm’s life.
The Senate Judiciary Committee hearing is Thursday.
Work with.
Since our girls first went off to college we have spent some time moving them in and out of apartments, with each move we have had to get a larger van/truck because their belongings have grown. One particular move for DD1, involved moving her from a shared apartment to a room at her grandma's house before she started law school. This move also involved us storing some of her belongings for her. Mr Bankerchick was younger then and still working in the auto industry, so he borrowed a stake bed truck from work and we were able in one LONG day, to move all of her things from Santa Barbara to the LA area where grandma lived, unload and drive back to our house to unload the items for storage, so we could get the truck back to the Company the next day. We were both exhausted.
So go and join the others around the Christmas Tree!
BF: Yeah! Exactly. And that’s why the generals are now on our side.
It is extremely heartening that by now few lightworkers are jolted by ominous-sounding information in Internet articles or messages from off-planet dark entities or dire reports in mainstream media. Yet, some lightworkers, like so many people who aren’t, dive headlong into fear until the newest prediction or claim is proven baseless. In previous messages we have specified scores of those kinds of deliberate disinformation or doomsday scenarios, so we won’t repeat those, but we shall assure you that all recent scary-sounding situations, such as heavier saber-rattling about Iran, potential radiation from an explosion in Japan and Al Qaida’s plans for terrorism, will come to naught.
1 large carrot, peeled and sliced
Pyramid Hefeweizen Ale smells of wheat and grain in the bottle and surprisingly of vinegar or pickles when poured. Presents a dark opaque orange color. The consistency seems a bit thick – I swirled the bottle to agitate the last bit of sediment and found that the sediment was indeed thick. (The label touts it as “refreshingly unfiltered” but the thickness seems to work against some of the beer’s refreshing qualities. Nevertheless, this one had a spicy but light taste that I preferred to the Sam Adams Hefeweizen that I tried more recently, but having said that, I'm not sure I'll seek this one out again.
This song features some of the chimingest (is that a word) guitars I've ever heard Marr create. It's simply beautiful. Smiths authority Simon Goddard thinks this is the best recording of this track the band did, and I agree; the stereo version "unhides" some of Johnny's background chiming guitars to spectacular, beautiful effect that nearly all previous bootleg sources of this track completely obscured or hid behind walls of tape hiss. This version here? Can be released today, by Warners, lifted direct from this blog. It's *that* good of a transfer and mastering. All evidence (except for, err, a test pressing indicating otherwise) indicates this actual recording featured here was to be the Smiths' 2nd single, famously withdrawn at the last second once the band wrote "This Charming Man". See Extra Track for more details.
Not so distinctive after all, then.
3/5 stars
*1/8 tsp Dry Mustard gluten-free
Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends, family, and other readers.
This would abolish the national veto and would massively increase the power of the European Commission and the European Court of Justice, the in-house court, who has as it's aim the supporting of an ever closer union.
3 Ways to Demonstrate Acceptance Toward Your Husband
They have sold over 375 Million albums worldwide, making them the 4th best-selling artists in music history, behind only The Beatles, Michael Jackson, and Elvis Presley.
So to is the subject of CAFR’s. Take away the distraction of the TV media, sex, drugs, sports and gambling… and the magic trick is revealed. It cannot be hidden any longer once the left hand sees what the right hand is doing. It just takes someone like me to uncover the trick and expose the truth.
and my ankles will twist
Princes of the Powers of this World,
Catholic Mexico might legalize the mafia, and accept that the Catholic population is addicted to drugs. Without users of drugs, there would not been a drug mafia. Nor would there been a call to legalize use of drugs.
I feel like everyone is always all don’t do this and don’t do that. But really, the biggest thing I could think of is to try not to be nervous.
"Honey Bunny"
~ the lightning in Phenomenon (John Travolta)
631-456-5394
Spooky music? Celestial horns? Drum roll? I mean, this is pretty serendipitous, is it not?
I am grateful for my health, and the health of my family, where only a cold has passed through all season.
And return
My websites are wonderfully inviting. Look at this one:
Until Wednesday, the worst of the union attacks on King and his business came in the mid-eighties during the UAW strike at AP Parts. During a lull during the lengthy strike, King’s business was picketed by more than 50 IBEW picketers. This was at a time when he only had eight or nine employees. One of his employees, whose car was trashed by the union picketers, was also beaten up by IBEW thugs.
Protesters turned up early and in large numbers to object to Bartlett's particular brand of illiberal lunacy, to be treated to powerful speeches in front of the BBC cameras
The result, I predict, will be a humanitarian catastrophe that makes Somalia look like a picnic. It’s not surprising that the Egyptian mob might attack the Israeli embassy. The Egyptian street has nothing to do but rise up against perceived oppressors, because nothing good awaits them; and the desperation that will follow the collapse of the Arab “Spring” threatens every Middle Eastern regime, such that the rulers have to try to get out in front of the rage. But what will they actually do? The Egyptian military is hanging onto power by its fingernails. If it attacks Israel, it will lose, and generals will be hanged from lamp posts. The Syrian military is too busy killing protesters to attack Israel, or to assist Hezbollah in a confrontation with Israel.
Died June 21, 1895
All my adult life I have, in particular, HATED IRONING! I am not a great one for ironing anyway - things have to look like a dish-rag to warrant the touch of the iron in this house and I have mastered a 'shake and fold' system that mostly cuts out the need for ironing - BUT something WEIRD has happened...
In all my earnestness (and absolute dumbness), I took the hundred rupee note back from him and before I knew it he was asking for his stack of hundreds.
When do I feel happiest being me?
The girls needed new spring/fall jackets to replace their old ones, which were size, ahem, 24 months. After our ice cream stop, I took off for OshKosh with Allie and Em while Rich paid the bill with Anna, who was still eating. We struck gold. Spring/fall jackets were 70% off and were $18 each. Rain boots were 50% off, which was not a huge bargain but cheaper than the ones at Target.
My jaw continues to drop every time I pull up to the gas pump, the price per gallon seeming to rise on a daily basis, right along with my blood pressure. It wasn’t that long ago five bucks got me through the week. Now, it gets me to and from work once. Oh sure, the price drops a few cents every now and then, just enough for everyone to think $3.60 for a gallon of gas is a real bargain. But, sure as the tide, it’ll spike again to $3.80, then $4.00...etc.
So, here’s my plan.
she's a sunrise....
2 consisting
My work on this book reminded once again of an amazing phenomenon I have often experienced when writing. As my writing gains momentum, it as if the book is writing itself! In Woman, the characters took on lives of their own. Sometimes I was excited to just sit at my keyboard and find out what was going to happen. Even though the story was coming to life through my very own fingers, I couldn’t be sure what my characters were going to do until they did it! And I couldn’t anticipate where the day’s writing was going to end up until the end of the session. And when I finally saw that my characters had done all they were going to do for the day – well, then, I sighed.
Started drinking in McGunnigal’s in Coatbridge a good Celtic pub.
Suspicious of the strange occurrences, Johnny investigates to find that alien enemies are feeding humans to their Queen on a nearby planet.
The team had their very first meeting. While the discussion was on going, they were suddenly attacked by armed and masked men breaking the window and firing at them. Hang Ah was quick to react and even led the entire group. What was Jae Ha doing while the ruckus abounds? His very first instinct was to save himself and not care about other people. Shoot! He’s such a useless coward! Aigoo. Though it was fun to see him freak out when the Commanding Officer just woke up after. Everything was just a set up. It was part of the training everyone has to go through. Part of it was recalling the incident and learning from it. However our Prince does not want anything to do with it and just hands it all to them. What a jerk!
After breakfast, and a swim, I took him to my room, showered him and put him to bed. I think neither of us had the strength to turn our encounter into anything sexual; it would have ruined the perfect night. And to be honest, at that point, I was terrified and wanted him out of my life ASAP. (I told you, I had serious Love and Commitment issues.) After a brief goodbye, I left for Bangkok with only his full name.
USP: Their lead singer’s notoriety on the celebrity scene has brought them the closest act on the list to crossing over into the mainstream. Their second album got to #6 in the Billboard 200, so you could argue they have crossed over already. They’re clearly striking a chord with listeners, and while the US charts are usually a ‘lowest common denominator’ yardstick, She & Him scaling the heights in charts usually filled with Rihanna’s tiresome, attention-starved, idiotic nymphomaniac act is a joyous moment indeed for purveyors of ‘proper music’. #hipsterrant
FCR's statement
“Reproving betimes with sharpness, when moved upon by the Holy Ghost; and then showing forth afterwards an increase of love toward him whom thou hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to be his enemy.”20
This morning Geekygirl decided to wear tights. She never wears tights, I have a drawer full of unworn brand new pairs, but one of her classmates always wears them, and today Geekygirl wanted to be "like Audrey". She pulled on one pair of tights. Tights can be tricky for the uninitiated, but I was firmly told not to help. After she struggled we established that the chosen pair of tights was rather small, so she agreed, without even the hint of a tantrum, to try another pair. These worked out better, though she was fiddling with the wrinkles in them all morning. Still, she looked sweet in the tights and a pink dress, she cheerfully munched two bowls of cereal, played nicely with her brother as we got everything ready to go, and sat down to put her shoes on without even being asked. Then I noticed her pulling at the toes of the tights. Shit, I thought to myself. The toe seams are on the insides. She is about to pull those tights of and try to turn them inside out, which will result in a major breakdown, complete removal of all her clothes, and a twenty minute tantrum where she refuses to wear anything else but her ballet outfit.
And now Grootvlei’s two of three mineshafts have flooded permanently with untreated, highly radiactive and poisonous mine-water referred to as ‘acid-mine drainage (AMD). Only one shaft was still operative but its gold-output was ‘diminutive’ and the pumping was increasingly inconsistent by January 2010.
* Ken Watanabe as Hibernius Tall
Shark Cage Diving
Another “Stories From Upon the Wall” story – with an imaginary book title.
promising sleep and a pleasant visage.
0500am
Chairman, and Director of the Jesuits’ Federal Reserve Bank of New
But this year was completely different. You take on a heap of extra stuff when you're a single parent of two teenage boys ... but you also lose a few things that, quite frankly, shouldn't have been your responsibility anyway. Like organising the in-laws' presents. So that was one down.
Eliminating the deterrence argument reduces the debate to the issue of retribution and the nagging question of whether the legal system is capable of error. Simply stated, it is. Many wrongful convictions have been made throughout time, and with the Death Penalty, once it is applied, it is too late discover or correct errors.
07/20 - Washington, D.C Jiffy Lube Live
The problem isn’t just our economy. It isn’t just our governmental officials. It isn’t just our foreign policy. It isn’t just this, or just that… The problem is us. Are we going to continue to try to slap band aids on a broken nation, bleeding money and resources, and more importantly, the lives of our military service men and women? Or are we going to address the real issue, and seek the solution that WILL heal?
His moments were far and in between, but they were grand. The longer we went not talking, the more he missed me.
Technology used positively – seems a way of ameliorating the effects of our addiction (if only it seems worth doing).
A church group comes out to stand at my base.
XTC Making plans for Nigel UK
But what I have loved seeing is the way fans at the games have been reacting to the home, and away, teams during the playoffs. Whether it is the Clippers/Grizzles (which my oh my what a comeback by LAC late in the game last night to pull off the 1-point victory to leave the Memphis crowd stunned and silent. Give credit to Chris Paul really taking the ball to the hoop in the 4th) or the Pacers/Magic being played in Indianapolis. The Pacers have had a lackluster showing in the playoffs since 2005 but the fan base and the city are getting back into this organization, and getting into Bankers Life to show their support.
He is a weird pitcher based on the fact that he has strikeout “stuff”, yet he only has 12 strikeouts in 41.1 IP and 6.5Ks/ 9 IPin over 400 IP in his pro career. His fastball has been clocked in as high as 101 MPH (while in New Hampshire); he has been successful due to a very good sinker that enables him to produce many ground outs and minimize homeruns (0.5 HRs allowed per 9 IP for New Hampshire) as well as a low walk rate of 1.7BB/9 IP.
Something for the media to think about
Batch Sparge at 165 degrees for 30 minutes
trying to be someone i'm not.
Goodie bags for each pirate.
Never before in this universe has any world risen out of entrenched darkness with such speed or had such monumental assistance from myriad light sources. Never before have so many highly evolved souls come from other civilizations to participate in a world’s spiritual revival. You are making universal history!
Now that said, people certainly could be better at in person conversations. I love people who can pretty much talk about anything. They are either well read, good actors, or know how to ask questions. Or all of the above. Conversation is a skill and if I was a teacher, I’d have it as part of my curriculum. How much further in life could we all get if we had excellent interpersonal communication skills? Um, loads further yo.
had lived in the same town, less than a mile from one another and
The Ultimate Gift ... Hallmark Channel ... 8 PM
And I could see in her eyes that she had her doubts
Trish and I are doing an RV trip later this month, staying on the south rim 3 nights and another 3 nights at Dead Horse Ranch State Park near Cottonwood. I've stayed on the north rim 3 times, have never stayed on the south - just spent a couple hours there after the hike. The south rim didn't float my boat: too touristy, too noisy, too busy. Compared to the quiet, idyllic setting of the north rim and Phantom Ranch, the south rim was just a shopping mall with a view.
Havelock Police called it 'a freak incident.'
This is just a sampling of what yesterday was like at our house. It was a day of constant "joking" by our little man Z :)
copy while supplies last and watch the amazing story of the cowgirls and entertainers of the early 20th century. They became the first professional women athletes in America, women who did more than they had a right to do.
“Seven-thirty,” she answered, barely audible.
Of course I worked this challenge close to my new digi release. I have been so looking forward to using these digis. I am not an Alice superfan or anything.... but there is just something about the fun and mystery of it all that draws me in. I can do all kinds of weird and fun things to my cards that I might not do otherwise because it IS Alice in Wonderland!
13. My mother taught me: THE CIRCLE OF LIFE.
Alternating Inverted Rows and Perfect Push Ups (Focus on using your back to pull you to the ground…Do not just simply drop into the Push Up! Same principle applies for the Rows.)
This IPA pours a gorgeous clear bright golden orange color with a good sized bone-white head on it that left spotting lacing on my glass. The nose on this beer is very unique and interesting for an IPA. I think mango is the strongest scent followed by passion fruit, peaches, lemon and orange zest, floral hops, and a slight pine bitterness as well. The smell on this beer is leaping from my glass, and it never left for the entire beer. The flavor profile is loaded with citrus fruits with grapefruit and tangerines being very dominant followed up with only a slight touch of caramel malt. The hops are extremely fresh and vibrant on this offering. The malt is only barely noticeable, but somehow supports the hops beautifully. The mouthfeel is medium bodied with medium carbonation that left a very dry finish on the back of my palate. The drinkability is superb on this beer, and is one of the best IPAs I've have ever had the pleasure of tasting.
I colored him with copics and paper pieced the blanket with EP "times and seasons" dp. I just love the colors on that pad. DH walked in my room and asked the question "too much catnip"? and there you go. Didn't have to look far cuz I love the catered crop blog and the dts' creations for challenges so for FTR 25 I give you sick cat! Recipe FTR 25: papers= kraft, colors= kraft, black, cream, red and green, tools= emb folder=dots, die cuts= square, scallop edges, techniques= layers and dry emb. TFL and dont eat too much next week or you may end up like this "sick kitty"! lol I hope you have a great weekend!
Today is the day for pea and ham soup,
The awards ceremony was shaded and lovely- I finished in 53:59 and won my age group (two overall female 10K winners were between 20-29, and awards categories were only one place deep since it was a small race). Colea placed first in her age group, too.
Contact Tracy at tlwstudios@msn.com for
You probably have all you need in your pantry and fridge, so call a few friends, set a pretty table, open a bottle (or two) of wine, and enjoy. Très français.
Left Unity has other ideas. We think taxpayers money should be spent on the creation of renewable industries and essential services like health, education, public transport and the like.
That last command was his own, added each time.
After that, we went by auto rickshaw in search of shops. Actually, we're not great shoppers, me and Wink. Now we are back at the hotel, have put our feet up for a bit and are heading down to meet Maja and Marina for lunch.
The Empire State Building, the Grande Dame of New York skyscrapers, has a roof height of around a 100 feet or 30 meters lower. The difference between a skyscraper built during the Great Depression and one built during the 21st Century Depression is around 100 feet and about a century of aesthetics. Where the spire of the Empire State Building is an organic extension of it, the one atop OWTC is awkwardly placed, it's just there making time and filling up the space.
And dont forget to visit the PMS blog to check
“That’s a good kid right there,” Drozdowski said of Kodie. “He’s as redneck as they come, and he is a work horse. If it were my daughter he married, I’d be proud.”
Pulled Duck Sandwich, Fries, Slaw - April 9
I wanted to tell her, she was wanted, by many and not just for her beauty.
Last night I ended up DJing back at The Sherman (I was playing there last week for a French street dance show called Elektro Kif also) for the opening night of ‘A Provincial Life’, a retelling of Chekhov’s short story put on by National Theatre Wales, which has been brilliantly adapted by Peter Gill. The play is based in 19th Century Russia and revolves heavily around themes of work and class, so I was asked to pick a whole selection of tracks based around ‘work’ (thankfully they didn’t have to be Russian as well or I might have struggled a bit more than I did). Although I didn’t get to play them all, much fun was had picking them so here’s just a handful of my favourites.
A very nice commenter recently pointed out to me that I should check abebooks.com for an out of print book I am currently in search of. That's a great place to check, definitely on my list.
And Christ, in His love for the artwork we call “us” recognizes an original piece hidden beneath the grime and He gives Himself up, paying the price, so that we can be holy. And He washes us with His words until we are radiant.
"God bless the Yumster for all ye have given the children of the world, these fables of cocks and flames and hairspray and shit." ~ Thomas Duke
Once upon a time, not even that long ago, I actually wished I could go back to the way things were. However, with life experience comes wisdom and the passage of time has brought me the realization that I don't want to go back to the way things were. I've learned so much and value the experiences I've had far too much to want to go back to "the way it was," that nostalgic tugging I often feel isn't a desire to go back and replay life's greatest hits, it's that longing to "re-feel" my firsts.
(not sure if I like that they have no face, but at least it looks like they are having fun).
I don't use a hoop. I tried using one for my first quilt, but I just found it a pain to keep moving it around. So now I just rest the quilt on my lap (or sometimes tuck my feet up on the couch and drape the fabric over my knees) and grip the fabric with my left hand. I'm careful not to push up too much from underneath, but just try to hold it neutrally. I grip the fabric between my thumb and palm, and spread my fingers under the quilt, with my middle finger under the place I'm sewing.
Life is messy and fragmented, but this book shows how Jesus is the key to joining up all the pieces. Crazy-short chapters combined with some of the most insightful observations about how the Bible views the world and right and wrong make this a 5-star book for sure.
Be prepared for this, and utilize it. Take second, third and fourth looks at everything. Double-check your research, facts, data, reasoning and planning. Allow scads of extra time for traveling. Put your car and work space in order. Send out feelers without expectations of a time frame for responses; just send them out and wait and see what comes back when.
“It’s all about getting more people in to this area, more money.” Meade said.
If you travel or need to have your hands free, these wallets-on-a-chain are incredibly useful. You can wear these messenger style, across your body, or double the chain and wear it over your shoulder. You can tuck the chains inside and carry it as a clutch, or (gasp!) actually use it as a wallet. It has six slots for credit cards, several different zipped pockets, and room for a passport. If you've ever had your purse stolen, or had to spend lots of time in a police station in a foreign country, or had to go to the American Embassy to get an emergency passport, you'll know how good it feels to have your cash, credit cards, ID and passport right next to your body, held in place with a metal chain, in case a thief thinks about snipping through your purse strings. Not that I'm psychologically scarred or anything.
I'm not saying that Bourdain doesn't have a point. I think I have said enough times how much I can't stand Rachael Ray. I have been unable to find a single Sanrda Lee recipe that I would ever want to cook (and I've tried). I hate the fact that cooking good decent homemade food is something that is now seen as complicated and elitist. I wish that both the Food Network and the people who watch it would understand that there really is a middle ground between CIA-style cooking and throwing together a box of this and a can of that with a chicken breast. You can create healthful food with a handful of fresh ingredients and just a few basic techniques. It's not as hard as the Food Network wants you to believe. I also agree with Bourdain that we can't be pushing organics as the only food worth living when half the population can't afford such a lifestyle. I agree with him on more topics than you would guess. I just can't stand his presentation or his incredible judgmentalism. It doesn't really add to his argument.
Experience to be felt deep inside you as the Supramental Energy penetrates so easily without any difficulty in the very depth of your cells.
“believe” an action word that bring about possession. The “believer” therefore
While the detail of the animals studied may be more than a casual reader expects, this is not a travel account so much as the tale of an encounter with such animals, and what they convey to the one watching and waiting for them in such desolate and threatened realms.
I did spray a little bit in my hair, it has a fresh, grapey scent.
At this point I am relieved we are finally out from the pressure.
But one of the most important things for me is sitting down with you every morning. Before I begin my day in my office at home. I hear a hum there too. The flourescent light hums as I write to you. I hum as I think to myself: what will HELP teachers.
and put this up on the nail that was there. It goes with my
The good news is that the sudden attention has caused supermarkets and fast food chains all over the U.S. to announce they will no longer use pink slime. In South Florida, the list includes Publix, Costco, Winn-Dixie, Target, Whole Foods, Wal-Mart, and Sam’s Club, as well as McDonald’s, Taco Bell, Burger King, and Wendy’s (which said it never used pink slime in the first place).
9) The common area of the Heidelberg University watching the Dutch. University chicks, good beer, and I met some cool Mexican and US fans.
So, here I was, all 5'2" exploring the Bronx with nothing but a pair of flip flops and a few case files. Don let me know he'd be running late, (blast the MTA and their unlimited metrocard inflations!) so I decided that, rather than risk it, I'd open this puppy up before the clock struck eight. After wrongly wandering into the actual post office across the street, looking ever regal in its always pip-pip-cheerio-fashion, the attendant kindly pointed me across the street to a glowing neon red sign reading "Postnet". Well, that makes sense.
Dancing alignments of all past loves and mistakes
by EP & X
Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs and mix well to combine. Stir in the lime zest, cranberry sauce and dried cranberries then fold in the flour.
Bike infrastructure like we have never seen before. This bridge crosses the highway to connect to other paths and access points. Should I take some credit for this? Every time we see bicycle infrastructure in Germany and France we take pictures and send them to our mayor.
Salma Hayek got her start in a soap opera on Mexican television, but it wasn't until 1996 that she became a danger to the world. That was the year she appeared in "From Dusk to Dawn," as a vampire exotic dancer wearing a snake and a small bikini. That same year, the Lijiang earthquake in southwestern China killed 200 people and left 300,000 without homes; Seattle on the west coast of the United States was rocked by an earthquake; and the Kobe earthquake in souther Japan claimed the lives of over 6,000.
And how about our good friend Keynote? For those of you unfamiliar this is a the Apple version of Microsoft's mainstay PowerPoint. Not only can kids animate slides to show their thinking, they can share research, create persuasive writing presentations, and share results of a science lab. This app is especially interesting as you can add video to the slides. In the theme of revolutionizing, not just replacing old teaching/learning practices, students can now share a video of their results with classmates instead of just describing it on a sheet of notebook paper.
it will always land on the buttered side.
One of my favorite stories comes from Rome, where I met a funny old man on the main road leading into the Vatican. I had wandered away from the group to explore the trinkets for sale in various kiosks and to take in the surrounding architecture without an annoying tour guide babbling in my ear. A cart selling “silver” charms caught my eye, so I walked over and marveled at all the beautiful baubles.
salt, pepper, and nutmeg to taste
3) The hair color is way too dark.
But, hey, where do I click to delete my cookies?
So...it is Fridge Friday, and I have just a miserable hotel room fridge, and I didn't get Mexican food, but that doesn't mean that I wouldn't jump at the chance to have Denise's Spanish Rice On My Plate.
- a few rose petals (washed thoroughly, make sure also they have never had chemicals sprayed on them)
Friday night I decided to jump on the brick bandwagon.
Tripel Karmeliet: Aside from macaroni & cheese, hot dogs, cereal, and pancakes, bologna was the only thing I'd eat until I was about six years old. I was nuts for bologna. And while that love affair endured, it didn't have frills; I wanted only a few slices of Oscar Mayer bologna with dill pickle chips on white bread smothered in plain yellow mustard. Had my five-year-old self had his way, he'd have eaten this simple bologna sandwich for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
I could find you a host of crackpots sounding off on Woman the Insatiable Temptress, but I’m staying mainstream with Qaradawi, who commands a huge audience on and off the satellite channels. Although he says female genital mutilation (which he calls “circumcision,” a common euphemism that tries to put the practice on a par with male circumcision) is not “obligatory,” you will also find this priceless observation in one of his books: “I personally support this under the current circumstances in the modern world. Anyone who thinks that circumcision is the best way to protect his daughters should do it,” he wrote, adding, “The moderate opinion is in favor of practicing circumcision to reduce temptation.” So even among “moderates,” girls’ genitals are cut to ensure their desire is nipped in the bud — pun fully intended. Qaradawi has since issued a fatwa against female genital mutilation, but it comes as no surprise that when Egypt banned the practice in 2008, some Muslim Brotherhood legislators opposed the law. And some still do — including a prominent female parliamentarian, Azza al-Garf.
short blurb for your book, if you’re promoting one, but make it short and sweet. The blogger may not use your blurb, but it’s worth sending one along. NOTE: It's best to send your copy in a Word.doc (Word 2003) not a .docx, since some people still use programs that can't read a .docx.
It may very well be the new “trial of the Century”! Remember the last one? We do.
Another article stated that a blood test is still not an accurate indicator of Iodine levels. I read this to be kind of like a false/positive outcome. The test could show you are fine in the Iodine levels but actually be too low. (I would like to know what test is being used to determine a good outcome still might be wrong.)
“Are you sure you’re ready for this?”
PS: I'm not actually pigeon-toed. I'm just trying to show off the buttons and fake underlap.
Grant did really good today. He was a bit shy at first, but he warmed up pretty quickly. He has really improved in just one week's time. They asked me if we had been practicing at home. They did some warm ups, practiced kicking it in to the goal, passing back and forth and they did some throw ins. The also played bubbles and with the parachute.
<U+2665> Rady
It surrendered near High Point, N.C., on April 26, 1865, with the Army of Tennessee.
One of the things that puzzled me when I first came across the design of the cell was how both cathode and anode are lead. In most electrochemical cells, there are dissimilar materials: I'm sure you've seen NiCad, or Nickle/Cadmium, for example. Zinc/carbon (the most common batteries in your local store), zinc/manganese dioxide ("alkaline" batteries) and silver/zinc are other common chemistries. One side is positive the other negative; in lead acid batteries, both sides are lead.
I expect a lot of solitude at the residency too, which I love. I'm taking my big camera, my flip video and a laptop and expect that those things will keep me entertained. That along with painting and writing. I live in my colors and wordplay.
citizens. It should scale
This president went before the United Nations and castigated Israel for building settlements. He said nothing about thousands of rockets being rained in on Israel from the Gaza Strip. This president threw –
I hope to see you tomorrow!!!
When the Murdoch hacking scandal broke in England the Wall Street Journal was reluctant to cover it just as Fox News was. This has been well covered by, for instance, NPR’s “On the Media” but PBS’s new Frontline, “Murdoch’s Scandal” provided a pithy summary of what happened. The Journal ignored the hugely important story the English paper The Guardian was breaking. The rest of the British press seemed afraid to join in the coverage. Then the New York Times joined in to pay attention to the scandal elevating its importance. The Wall Street Journal editorially criticized the Times for this. As Times got involved we saw an example of what has been called the “Times Effect” kicking in (there is probably also a PBS effect), the floodgates opened and it seemed every paper everywhere was jumping on the scandal except that the Wall Street Journal was still reluctant to report on it no matter its importance for American business.
when the Qur’an was first revealed to prophet Muhammed Sallahu Alaihi Wasallam) through Jibraeel (Alaihis-salaam) his age was 40 years.
Stage 2: Develop a wordless book based on the Born to Fly storyline and distribute it to kids worldwide. Why wordless? So we don’t have to translate it into hundreds of languages—saving thousands of hours and dollars.
If you are above the enemies, then there is no need to fear them. You just need to exercise your God-given authority over them and remind them that they are beneath and not above. Jesus said in Mk.16:17 that in His Name, we will cast out demons. So, cast them out in the Name of Jesus! The armor of God protects you as you face your enemies but the moment you turn around and flee in fear, you’re exposed because what God has given us is a breastplate of righteousness not a back-plate! As you begin your walk with God today, declare victory and walk in it! When someone speaks unkindly towards you, speak gently towards them for “a gentle answer turns away wrath, but a harsh word stirs up anger.” (Prov.15:1) When you feel like fighting back, exercise restrain and remember that your God is the God who says, “vengeance is Mine!” (Rom.12:19). Enjoy Him, love Him, serve Him, reflect Him.
We know the Israeli government will probably fold under the world's pressure, but one can still hold on to the faint hope that it won't, and Adnan can go the way of the Dodo, even if unfortunately it's quietly in a bed.
Have you been? Where is your favorite place and memory?
A day, then, like this, of reparation to God’s offended majesty, would naturally suggest the necessity of joining some exterior penance to the interior dispositions of contrition which filled the hearts of Christians. Abstinence from flesh meat has always been observed on this day at Rome; and when the Roman Liturgy was established in France by Pepin and Charlemagne, the Great Litany of April 25 was, of course, celebrated, and the abstinence kept by the faithful of that country. A Council of Aix-la-Chapelle, in 836, enjoined the additional obligation of resting from servile work on this day: the same enactment is found in the Capitularia of Charles the Bald. As regards fasting, properly so called, being contrary to the spirit of Paschal Time, it would seem never to have been observed on this day, at least not generally. Amalarius, who lived in the ninth century, asserts that it was not then practiced even in Rome.
Yes, I know I should have had my arm checked out sooner, but at this time my husband was going through some pretty serious health issues, himself, and it did not seem the right time to be out of commission, myself. I also kept hoping it would just get better on its own.
This Thanksgiving we had tandoori chicken with stuffing. I used 2 cornish chicken for making this dish. It’s really easy , if you can marinate it over night that would be great . The yogurt should be thick so that the marinade holds on to the chicken, for that what I do is put it on my tea stariner and let it sit for atleast an hr. That really does the trick, it comes out really thick. Hope you all will like it.
wattsj
But you can find some pretty cool ones in the most unlikely places. Like a little town in the middle of Colorado.
You could see the kinds of fish and seafood that were available from the fish tank and you could also hand-pick your favourite seafood for your dinner. They have got clams, prawns, crabs, and fish supplied by fishermen, probably off the jetty by the dining deck. When we talked about eating seasonally in North America in the last 20 years, the people of Southeast Asia has been doing that for many years prior to the popularity of this trend. Despite having a consistently warm weather all year round, sometimes certain produce, seafood or meat might not be available or they could be too expensive. So instead, we eat what’s available that are equally fresh and delicious.
So you all know that Summer & I went to the coast with my dad & grandparents for Gabriel's 1st birthday... and that didn't go badly, it just didn't go how I expected or wanted it to go. I felt like it wasn't about him. I so upset and crying& Summer was the only one that even acknowledged that I was crying/hurting/upset. The rest of my family acted like they didn't even notice my crying. Anyway see previous blog for that news.
Format: MPEG Video
He says something like, "You and me babe, how about it?"
With a prospective US tour and various other dates planned, including an upcoming Finnish festival (other first for this band!), 2010 certainly looks like a most important year for Crowley's relentlessly tenacious vision to expand - which is no bad thing - well, depending on just what side of the fence you happen to be.
~ Despite this, there was the occasional scruffy-looking oddball.* I found it refreshing, and my favorite attendee was a guy in a tie-dyed t-shirt emblazoned with the National Bohemian mascot. I'm not certain this guy actually knew where he was, but he seemed to be having a good time.
1. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter until smooth and creamy, 2 to 3 minutes. With mixer on low speed, add 6 cups sugar, milk, and vanilla; mix until light and fluffy. If necessary, gradually add remaining 2 cups sugar to reach desired consistency.
The last one has a delightful place and commentary within and on this movie as a Story.
Toronto Blue Jays - Nachos Grande
To get to this spot requires a climb of about 150 feet up the side of the steep hill. I think it’s worth the effort. After a series of photos at this spot, I moved to the other side, and further up the hill:
During the gig of the Canadian band Crystal Castles @ Tunglið, Saturday 18. October, the press (photographers) people were not allowed in front of the stage. This was the first time ever for me not to be allowed there @ Airwaves, and without any notice some time before. So I was hanging with my head in heavy noise, fortunately with earplugs. It took the band a long time to start playing, and because of that the atmosphere was getting tence/nervous/à la Heizel dramatique for the first time in an overcrowded venue spot (where everybody wanted to be in the front, especially the British people). The performance was therefore very disappointing musically, and non-musically.
I see red when Tina's asked this question because I know how it feels to ponder it, to try to look "inward" when the answer is outward. It's not always within ourselves to find these answers, but sometimes, it's really about someone else.
This collection features very few artists whose names might be recognized by casual fans -- do Sonny Osbourne and J.E. Mainer ring a bell? But mostly there are singers and pickers who never got as famous as Bill Monroe, The Stanley Brothers or Flatt & Scruggs.
Please, do NOT send to Virgil at HIS address. Help his daughter stage a special SURPRISE tribute to this super-signer and best friend to the hobby.
1/2 cup Greek yogurt, strained to thicken
As someone who makes things by hand herself I can think of nothing better than receiving handmade gifts from loved ones. Both my sister and Leon love to wear jumpers and socks that I have made them and every time I use these beautiful things I will think of them and the time they spent with me in mind, making something beautiful to show their care.
The Word became flesh and blood,
The inspector shook his head. Still grinning. 'No. I'm not one of them. But they do pay me for services rendered.' He extended his hand to Ben to shake it. 'My name's Perpetual Jones. This, my friend, is the Mobius Line.'
And then, a special case comes up that catches my attention. She's two years younger than me and this hits home...I know where she likely is in her life. She's already fought breast cancer 16 years ago at the age of 30 and now she's being scanned for pain in her abdomen. Could it be a recurrence after all these years?
But I have also become aware that I find it difficult to switch off. If I'm honest, I feel slightly guilty about saying no to things, or sitting around "doing nothing". (In other words, relaxing.) I've got past the stage where I wait for someone else to give me permission to rest (I'm not that pathetic), but I don't always remember to tell myself to take five.
Later that night, aunts, uncles and grandparents came over for cake and ice cream.
So, here comes today’s break from doing spreadsheets and worrying about my next driving test.
So amazing
I love The Office. And yes I realize that totally wasent at all funny unless you watch the show.
Of course I understand that by nature God is long suffering and full of mercy, grace, and love. He knows I will fail everyday at trying to obey Him, just as we understand our children are not always obedient. But let me offer this; it is different to fall short and not always succeed in perfect obedience as compared to having a lackadaisical attitude towards my failures. The standard is clear. The command right out of the mouth of Jesus, himself, says this, “Be perfect, therefore, as your heavenly Father is perfect.” Matthew 5:48.
The results from the surgery showed that I have follicular cancer. These results are just verbal results from the lab to my surgeon. I'm waiting on written results and then waiting on a call from my regular Dr to discuss them with me.
Last year I had the pleasure of sponsoring a wonderful cause. When Winter Sims contacted me this year about her Valentine's card drive for various children's hospitals, I was more than delighted to sponsor her again.
-- Radical Rags: Fashions of the Sixties (New York:
The new US online paper The Algemeiner (I highly recommend it) also writes about the boycott, this time from the angle of the harm it causes davka to the Palestinians whom the boycotters presume to be helping.
I still love this track although it does sound a bit tame now.
I was 30 years old when I got the idea to walk around the world from my good friend Rich. It was a cold January evening when I told Rich I wanted to go on an adventure. I had two in mind. Drive to the tip of South America or fly to Australia and drive across down-under. Rich said, that’s been done before. I said, it’s 1970 what hasn’t been done. He said, no one has walked around the earth. I said, you can’t walk on water, he said, if you try you will get your feet wet but you can walk the land mass of the earth touching all three major oceans on both sides. Just walk the land in a circle and fly across the oceans.
Then I get grateful. Grateful that I ave a partner who cares for me. Grateful that I get to stay inside and blog, do dishes, cuddle with the puppy. Grateful that the baby is growing healthy and strong inside me (why potentially mess that up?).
ORGANZA LACE FLOWER WITH DIAMANTE
* the poet tagged another poet
That knowing, is better than wondering. That waking, is better than sleeping. And that even the biggest failure, even the worst, most intractable mistake, beats the hell out of never trying."
The kindness of God as displayed in Mike Pardo.
However, enforcing the fiduciary duty inevitably militates against selling land at below-market rates.
All in all, coming up with this plan and determining the better way to do it- took me the afternoon.
EXPOSE` DETECTIVE CASES in 1942
So wrong, so wrong. This is NOT how our justice system — or any sane justice system — is supposed to work. You don't prove your innocence – the state has to prove your guilt!
January 25, 2010
Let us consider an example user Alice wants to communicate with user Bob . Proxy 1 and Proxy 2 help to setup the session on behalf of the users. This common arrangement of the proxies and the end-users is called “SIP Trapezoid”.
Be there for them, but let them do the grieving. It’s time for the rest of us to stop focusing on grief and remember.
First, let me explain Coca Cola. This is an area of central San Jose which once boasted a Coca Cola bottling plant. The plant has long disappeared and bus stations and stops have taken its place, but the area is still referred to as...Coca Cola.
Then, once you've built up your "closet," you say what you wore on a specific days, for specific things. You can have different outfits for work, the gym, going out to dinner, etc. all in one day. And for adding things to your closet, and choosing your outfits, you get points. And then they do giveaways! I actually won a cool pair of vintage Hugo Boss sunglasses back when it was in Beta, so this shizz is real, y'all! They aren't just pulling your leg.
2 handfuls of fresh mint, leaves picked
K. Murphy
Family is everything.
Have a wonderful Fall (even though it will be in the 80s here) weekend!!!
I will translate what the title cards say: The life of an unemployed person is not worth anything. His death is a big business.
- 1 bunch of spinach
The Tanglewood's Secret
There’s another thing that points to the author being the rightsholder of out-of-print books, even if one concedes that the precedents above aren’t conclusive. Almost all commercial book contracts include a reversion clause that allows authors to reclaim all of their rights and terminate the contract after the book has gone out of print. Considering that a book such as The Lost Country has been out of print for at least four decades, wouldn’t it be reasonable to assume that a canny author like Mr. Salamanca had reverted his rights?
When shepherds who were watching heard music in the fields.
Right, now, before I go anywhere near those new ideas of mine, I've got some hot movie stars to finish writing about... so, if you want me, I'll be somewhere in Las Vegas with a Bradley Cooper lookalike...
From an honest small publisher's perspective, on the other hand--a publisher that isn't planning on browbeating its authors with kill fees, or using the fees to try and make an extra buck--a kill fee may seem to make good business sense. "We don't want to hold onto an unhappy author," the publisher might reason. "But we invest a lot of work in editing, designing, marketing, etc. So if we can't maximize our investment by selling the author's book for the full contract term, it's only fair that we should get some reimbursement if she decides to leave early."
My foe outstretched beneath the tree.
the kids settled into their new beds quickly.
Again, this is a pre-Lockbox, so a full one comes later next week. The season's first bracket is coming on Monday.
Störtebeker is a brewery I'd heard of from seeing their beers on an online retailer, and I'd been meaning to give them a try. Imagine my delight when I saw a six pack assortment in Penny Markt in Wernigerode. Why the buggery can't the Penny Markt in Munich sell stuff like this? Here's their take on a Porter, "Hanse Porter".
“There’s less of criminals being hurled around and grisly body parts on show,” agrees Sharp. In researching her character, she visited Oldham Police Station. “The way detectives rub up against some of the most dreadful aspects of human behaviour and depravity but manage to retain their comradeship, integrity, warmth and sense of humour is fascinating. I find it remarkable that they are able to interview people who have perpetuated the most horrific acts while taking away any sense of judgement.”
I am not sure if I’ll ever be able to conquer my fear of the phones but I certainly love writing letters and e-mails even to a plumber or a water line fitter than making a phone call to summon them.
What do you have for breakfast??
Missing their profound beauty
I’m not going to entertain the possibility that Andrew might be dead because it’s fairly safe to assume that unlike Tyler, Gemma and perhaps Malcolm that Andrew will survive being gunned down. So, who tried to kill Bridget that Andrew received the ouch end of a bullet for? I’d say there’s a decent list of suspects with decent motives.
Olshan AF, Teschke K, Baird PA. Paternal Occupation and Congenital Anomalies in Offspring. Am J Ind Med 1991; 20: 447-475.
Wade, Robert. “Spadework.” The San Diego Union-Tribune. December 16, 1984.
This is still another area that astonishes me. This is the POD publisher’s open doorway. This should be about the candle in the window, the lick of fresh paint every few years, a few books here or there. Yet, it’s sometimes the area of a POD publisher’s business which is the weakest. I have seen it all, bad links, gaudy colours, grammatical mistakes on their welcome page! Not a friggin’ book in sight! No updates on the site for months on end, doesn’t anything change in your world? What the hell are you guys trying to say to any perspective authors? I have to put my hand up here. This is the weakest point for my own publishers. It’s no wonder the traditional publishing world turns their noses up at all of you. Go have a look at Random House, Faber & Faber, Collins-Harville, Bloomsbury, Penguin...You may at least learn how to present a professional image!
Throughout the rest of the 1980s I made my yearly pilgrimage to the Tu-Lane Truck Stop. Fortunately we were in Kitchener every year so I was able to have that chili several times in that decade. I never tried anything else on the menu--why would I when I needed my fill of a chili that made my mouth water just thinking about it.
Sophie: ching! ching! aHa! Arrr!
Wishful thinking on the part of the disciples is highly unlikely even in light of their initial hopefulness and enthusiasm. But, they were not easily convinced as Christ had to scold them on their faith. In fact, they came into the appearances not wishfully hoping to see Christ, but disbelieving those who did. Saint Thomas is the best example. He demanded evidence, which Christ gave to him. Further, wishful thinking would not stand up in the threats of death and all the trials and tribulations that they later had to face.
Okay, general reaction over. Time to get into the nitty-gritty. First up is everyone’s favorite Girl On Fire, Katniss Everdeen (Jennifer Lawrence)!
For anyone who has read The Autobiography of Malcolm X, they may have some questions about the choices Lee makes. For example: Why does Malcolm's pilgrimage to Mecca, a pivotal chapter in the book, seem to take up so little screen time? When Malcolm announces how the trip changes him, the film audience isn't as clear on what caused the effect as a reader of the book is.
Which she actually did.
Make these for your family on Halloween. They are insanely moist with a creamy heart and the lovely crunch of sugar and cinnamon on top.
5-5:45 Int/Adv Broadway Tap (Teen/Adult)
Our prize this fortnight is from our main sponsor, the ever generous Steph at Simon Says Stamp and she is offering our lucky winner a $15 voucher to spend in the shop, so definitely worth joining in for.
It’s been a LONG time since I had any Easter candy and truth be told, I actually can’t eat a whole package of 15 Peeps anymore. My limit is 3 at a time these days, I discovered. But they were two for $3, so I got a package of the original yellow ones and some blue ones, too.
Let's leave aside for now Truth with a big T, as in objective, eternal, changeless realities à la Plato's forms, or as in Christian metaphysical "Word of God" absolutes. What happened to truth that allows us simply to trust the non-stop everyday things we are told? Trust, like going to a light switch and knowing that when you flip it to on, there will be light, because that's what normally functioning light switches do.
So this year when Randy asked "What are we going to do for our anniversary?" I said: "Let's go to New York City. With the kids." Now usually the two of us go to the mountains, rent a little cabin with a hot tub, do a little hiking, grill steaks, etc. But somehow, this year seemed like the year for NYC.
BBE: “Fine” (stays in bed, flips back covers, farts in open air)
No Google, No Answers!
To conclude, Glasman has a good grasp of what is wrong with England. He has a comprehensive understanding of the realities and consequences of a lack of political representation and the subjugation of discussion about the English question. However, whilst we should be grateful for, and take up with vigour any opportunity to engage with the political hierarchy about the necessity of freedom and fairness for England, I struggle to see how these ends can be achieved through the medium of political parties that seek only re-election and mandates of vacuous ‘change’ above anything meaningful.
I want to FOCUS on what is important
Wednesday: Grilled Tri-Tip, baby carrots and homemade rolls
Zanu (PF) bullyboys were then unleashed for the second-round run-off held in June of the same year and Mugabe claimed a dubious victory after Tsvangirai was forced to quit the race. A brutal campaign of violence led by Zimbabwe’s military out to reverse Mugabe’s shock first round defeat left at least 200 MDC-T supporters dead.
I once had the misfortune of working with a highly unpleasant misogynist called ‘Scoffer’ - a combination of his surname ‘Scoffield’ and the eating habits that had resulted in him becoming almost perfectly spherical. When in his late forties he suffered an epic fatal heart-attack (which presumably was the objective of eating six meals a day) a number of the psychologically abused women spread a rumour round the office that a vending machine had fallen on him.
we shared our buckets
Although the Board admitted that is was "troubled" by Rodale's previously-acquired Supplemental Registrations, it was nonetheless convinced by the "clear evidence of genericness" present in this case.
And I headed her right on down main drag
Good Morning Fellow Stampers,
RE: Project Runway.
Open your heart and things happen.
I look at the skies and they are so blue & vast & inspirational & then suddenly I have a feeling of being trapped inside this vast universe & I think what a perfectly crafted design driven by purpose & logic to manipulate humans by hiding the truth from them. But there’s more to this world than just purpose & logic.
But I’m not afraid
Whole Lotta Love - Soundboard Recording
You can choose from either pork or beef. While beef is tastier, it is a bit expensive than pork. If you are on a tight budget, then pork can work too.
You see, I lived out in the antactic rainforest. I was born there in fact.
14. Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo (Heartbreaker)
If they did nothing now…
I particularly like bringing my kids to this library because of its intimate, child-focused environment and find that my children enjoy it more than other larger libraries. I have also found that watching my children play with the different toys provides me with great opportunity to introduce new books related to their play.
While scenes from the past, rise before me
Patrizio hopes to prevent age-related infertility by combating these misconceptions with education. "As clinicians, we should begin educating women more aggressively," Patrizio said. "Women should be given the appropriate information about postponing fertility, obstetric risks, and the limited success of ART in advanced age to allow them to make informed decisions about when, if at all, they hope to become pregnant."
Seeing this the Muse said: ‘That day is set by the priests,
*Kraft Unique
Who would be excited for that?
What if?
Five years ago, I was beginning my second semester in college. I had finally decided to pursue a degree in elementary education. I probably hoped to graduate and move back to the Headland area where I’d get a teaching job and maybe rent an apartment or house with a friend. However, God had different plans for me. He brought Lee into my life and Lee had been called into the ministry. He also felt God calling him to seminary in North Carolina. Needless to say, God changed my plans. Lee and I have now been in North Carolina for a year and a half. God has shown us both so much during this time. While serving as the youth pastor, Lee has had the opportunity to lead the church in planning an international mission trip. For many years, I have had the desire to go on this type of mission trip. However, I’ve also always had reservations about it. I let fear of the unknown hold me back. God has been showing me recently, though, that his message is for all people in all nations. It is our job to take his message to others, whether it is our next-door neighbor or a person in another country. Jesus tells us in the gospel of Matthew that the harvest is plentiful, but the workers are few. I have no excuse not to be a worker.
It lies alongside the National Mall in Washington, not far from the spot on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial where where King delivered his famous “I have a dream” speech in 1963.
"Give me a cliff. I'm jumping." is something I often say when I'm getting to THAT point.
But at high levels a master crafted sword for 100 SC might seem like a deal. Shields run in the same price range, but for some reason I am not as enthusiastic about paying a buck for an in-game shield.
A paper of ours (Findlay and Sparks) which is to be published in the Scottish Geographical Journal seeks to consider such changes through an analysis of one such location – Shettleston in Glasgow – developing an understanding of how these changes can be measured and understood. Using a longitudinal survey methodology, data on retail stock, churn, vacancy and use can be analysed. The data show complex dimensions and aspects of vulnerability and resilience, compounded by exogenous retail and other social and economic changes.
I know because a while ago I actually got it. I hadn't had it in around 15 years. So I know it hurts, but we don't walk around calling it Conjunctivitis like we really should. Come to think of it, I guess the Medical Community really didn't call it 'Pink-Eye'.
- In the whole of 2007 the BNP raised a total of £500,000. In the first five months of 2009 we have raised over £650,000. We are on target to TREBLE our 2007 turnover this year, testament to the huge growth of the BNP and the increased professionalism of our fundraising department. To put things in perspective, we have spent more in total on our Euro Election Campaign 2009 than on all the previous election campaigns combined — a staggering achievement. So far this year our electronic email fundraising campaigns alone have raised approximately £100,000. So far in 2009 our e-fundraising department has sent out approximately 2 million emails, 700,000 in May alone. Thanks to the huge output of literature in our Euro Election Campaign, our central fundraising database has grown from a mere 19,000 to approximately 70,000 — which means that the funds available to the BNP to grow, increase efficiency, campaign and fight elections will multiply enormously over the next six months.
Things are not quite the same, a little different, life changes even when you were perfectly happy with the way things were .. so perhaps this is a good time for us to change things too.
He said condolences have reached his family from across the globe.
Write it up in 150-250 words (so short)--for the blogfest portion anyway—we want people to be able to read a bunch of these without too much burden. Keep the traditions in mind, but we are judging on entertainment value--which we enjoy most, not how realistic it is to make a best seller. We want people to laugh. WE want to laugh. (so consider those rules more like guidelines, really)
11 days left. Less than 240 hours. That’s how long I have to create a 45-page screenplay. This is because I really really want to complete the Script Frenzy challenge. I kind of wish I had heard about it earlier but now that I know, I’m determined to write. I just hope I can do it.
those elegant "l"s (latitude & longitude), developed an
We need to wait out this correction before we commit any money to the market.
I love that none of these are over $20. I've had good luck with footwear from Target but I think that's because I'm realistic. Sandals are fine to get cheap, you won't run into the same issues are you might with cheap enclosed pumps or boots. They don't have to be real leather and it's nice you don't have to worry about them. I've had good luck with the Converse and slippers from there too.
What is your favorite paper craft technique?
Beaten several minutes
In line, I talked about how I searched on 7,000,000,000 sites, and 0 animal-related links came up. The teacher then sent me to the school library (Okay, before you continue reading, start singing the movie JAWS theme song, and when you get to the final note, read the next part) to pick up an animal book of my interest. So I searched, and I found a manatee book. Hopefully I’ll find a better subject. Hopefully.
While the driver spoke to the attendant in Macedonian (yes, there was an attendant even though there were not any pumps), I got anxious. My mind raced to find an appropriate cultural language to ask him to continue and not to turn around (even though we were already 10km out of his way). Yet before I could speak, he put the car into gear while telling us that he would try the next station the attendant had mentioned.
Now that I have this cake figured out, I’m thinking a caramel flan can’t be that hard!
We all have the same type of chairs in my office, but after several years of use, not all of the features still work on every chair. I need more than just a flat horizontal surface to place my can. I need a certain level of lumbar support. I don’t like the armrests to be so high as to interfere with my typing, or too low to provide rest for my arms when I’m reading. The wheels need to work properly so I can scoot to the coffeemaker with a single thrust of my legs.
Sapphire-$399
GSA advisor Mary Melnick says, “What a great opportunity for my GSAers to attend a community event surrounded by like-minded folk who support and celebrate diversity as much as we do. We can proudly join the greater San Jose LGBTQQ community by not only showing our support but also enjoying each other’s company and cheering on our Sharks! And how lucky we are to have San Jose PRIDE be our “angel”–this experience would not be fiscally possible for my students without their help. A thousand thank-yous!”
This was the core to Maverick House developing as a publisher. Irish publishing as a whole is terrified of the word ‘international’ and the furthest their heady highs will take them is far flung places like Belfast, Manchester, Sheffield, Liverpool, and yes, the far and distant London. I know of no Irish publisher, outside of Maverick, who have a working office in another publishing territory (outside of course of London), and no, some bloke with a mobile phone living in a wooden shack in Calcutta does not equate to an ‘Eastern Office’. And please exclude the endeavours of publishers like Hachette, Penguin and Transworld (Random House) who have entered the Irish landscape to inject some form of international presence in the Irish publishing industry, but those authors almost inevitably switch to the UK imprints.
I’ve decided I’m going back to a vegan diet.
Douglas says that Cybil looks nothing like Kandy, but that’s beside the point. You broke protocol and someone did find you. So there! Witnesses never listen do they? But it can’t be easy, right?
What makes this valuation so mind-boggling is that the company has no operating history and as of Dec. 31 (its last reporting date) its total assets were only $9,916.
If you knew your parish religious education program was evangelizing hundreds of non-Catholics and fallen-away Catholics, wouldn’t you put a few bucks into the special collection for that ministry?
Gary Panter is a fine graphic artist, go to his web site to see it all. A veteran of the groundbreaking compilation of graphic art RAW published by Fantagraphic, he has produced many great comics. He also created the TV set design for PeeWee’s Playhouse. Note also, Fantagraphic is the publisher of many many graphic books and a cornerstone of the industry.
R56: For too long R59 has been alone. This is one of my new favorite, must-have colors. I sequence this with E04-R56-R59. Try it and trust me :)
But the biggest changes have been recent. The area between To'ata and Vaiete has seen the return of some (but not all) of the docking sailboats and an ever-growing landscaped garden park that includes an enclosed child's play area as well as some lovely spots to sit and watch outrigger canoes glide in front of the setting sun. There are trees, winding grassy areas, paved areas for bikes, trees and flowers. As someone who's seen Papeete through it's worst years, it's hard for me to admit it, but the city is looking very pretty these days.
Panela is made from sugarcane. It’s picked in the fields that are wild and green with the plants, mountains looming in the background. The cut sugarcane is hauled back to their farm with a factory. We visit most days for an hour or so to check on production, but workers keep it going all night.
This one will give me a fantastic future. I will meet my values with the rules I need for them to be met. I will be the person I was designed to be.
That was enough to pique my interest. Wuhan is the third book in Hamilton’s Ava Lee series, which are currently being published two a year. I picked up last year’s debut of the series The Water Rat of Wanchai to see what all the fuss was about. With an ass-kicking main character, an intriguing conundrum to solve, and a setting that encompasses Toronto, Seattle, Hong Kong, Thailand, Guyana, and the British Virgin Islands, Water Rat is off to a good start.
IDF uncovers explosive devices in northern Jordan Valley Israel threatens to send Lebanon back to the 8th century Three Eritreans Killed Trying to Enter Egypt Hezbullah building new bases in southern Lebanon, eastern Bekaa Observations about Israel’s new unity government Men In White: The Raid on Sabena Flight 571 Western Civilization Faces the Big Test: Citizens! Heal Your Societies or Go Over the Cliff Feiglin’s fault The Middle East Media Sampler 5/8/2012: The Media And Netanyahu’s New Coalition Soccer Dad’s Middle East Media Sampler
RELEASE DATE: May 11, 2012
<U+F0A7> Salander, Lisbeth - Casting Salander, Different in Every Way, The Look of Salander, Mara/Fincher, Irene Nesser, Salander Test Footage
I ended up selling it to my soon to be sister in-law and I am hope she enjoys it as much as I did. I am happy I was able to give her a great deal on a fabulous car. But I am still a little sad.
Owners Michael and Jeffrey Stuffings and brewer Ron Extract have begun brewing in their newly built facility located on 200 acres in rural Austin. They are planning on five different styles initially, including Boxer's Revenge, an oak barrel-aged wild ale, as well as a British-style dark mild, a rye IPA and "Franco-Belgian inspired farmhouse ales."
It's just a sprain, but it's bad enough to keep me away from my knitting basket. So all of the WIPs are just sitting forlornly next to the sofa, waiting for me to recover enough to get to work on them again.
Paper and Such - Patriot and Friends stamp set
Happy Monday to all.... I hope you had a pleasant and productive weekend!
You wanna buy another drink for the man standing knee deep in thoughts at the bar?
KUALA LUMPUR, Sunday 28 November 2010 (Bernama) — Deputy Prime Minister Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin described the remark by Parti Keadilan Rakyat (PKR) president Datuk Seri Dr Wan Azizah Wan Ismail yesterday as an attempt “to salvage a sinking ship.”
The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists believes that women should consider the IUD or implant as ‘first-line’ choices because of their effectiveness and safety.
I like to wear earrings every day and I found myself reaching for the pair pictured below which I recall were a Christmas gift from my parents in the 1980s. I wonder, is something from the 1980s vintage??
There is a baby in there...seriously, crazy stuff to me! I'm glad she is having kiddos first. I will learn everything I need to know from her ; )
THE LAST VOORD!
I've wondered what my future holds and to be honest, I don't know. I know who holds it, and that God and I have to trust in him to take care of myself and my family. I tend to worry too much and over analysis a lot of things and I think that's one of the reasons why I suffer with my eating (acid reflux) and with my anxiety of late. It's been really, really bad! And in one way, they are both effecting each other. Mainly since I am having a lot of anxiety, especially lately, I take a Xynax that has been prescribed by my doctor. Then later on at night, I've been having acid reflux come up or at least a horrible, nasty taste, that now that I think about it, taste very similar to the Xynax when it dissolves in my mouth just a little bit. A very bitter taste that's way in the back of my throat and makes me go running ( or as close to running as this LP can go anyways) to somewhere where I can get rid of it quick! Water, Pepto, Gum..anything! I absolutely hate this! I've been having trouble enjoying even eating my "safe" foods and I am tired of them as well. So I know I should probably cut back on the Xynax, but each and every-time I do, something happens that makes me pop one of those puppies and try to get rid of the horrible throw up feeling/heart racing/yuckiness that I feel when I get one of my attacks. (Like today for instance.) I am concerned that tonight will be another night where I am miserable.
Drifting and sick from the ride,
Astro vice president, Rohaizad Mohamed, admitted to The Malaysian Insider that Astro censored BBC’s report on the Bersih 3.0 rally.
So I must sneak through under my own Invisibility cloak while he is otherwise engaged.
Weimer advanced into second place on Lap 6, while JGRMX/Toyota/Yamaha Davi Millsaps secured third place and set his sights on Weimer. Weimer and Millsaps mixed it up on Lap 7, trading places for second place with Weimer holding the position. Millsaps finally made the pass on Weimer on Lap 10 and rode to a second place finish. Dungey won with an 8 second margin of victory and Team Honda Muscle Milk’s Justin Brayton, of Fort Dodge, Iowa, finished third.
I thought I wouldn’t be able to finish this post today, but YAY! for me now that I do : D. I have lots of things I want to write about. In this sense, it’s a good thing that I’m still on my summer vacation.
I fumed…and I rarely fume…although I seem to be doing this fairly often these days. No idea why.
When chicken is ready, sliced pieces and add to the rice mixture.
I must not forget the raconteur and critic, Ikhedi Ikheloa, or Lola Shoneyin, the poet and novelist, and the endearing feminism of her writing, or NEXT’s gifted editor, the self-effacing Kadaria Ahmed, and the plinth of its investigative team, Dapo Olorunyomi.
This month it is:
thank You For Protection (Thank You)
You make a difference by inspiring others to make a difference.
Waste Reduction Benefits
We spent some time trying to figure out the best way to build the coop, and it seems there are a lot of conflicting ideas, so we went with what works for us, to that end we've put the nest box on one side of the coop, the main door on the front and the pop on the opposite side to the nest box.
This can sometimes be the main cause for a Ford product not starting after programmig of new keys or Clear/Erase of keys.
I just wanted to let all my followers know that I have decided to try WordPress for my blog. I have also changed the name of my blog to "It's a Bloggy Life" You can find me at http://itsabloggylife.com/
4. What kills a book for you?
I’m already buckling with laughter, and this is only a short preview! As expected, Kang Ji Hwan gave the title role his all, seeming to enjoy the scraggly look.
Length: 6 CDs (Approximately 7 hours 19 minutes)
There will however always be people who can’t work in the traditional sense, either because of ill health or the need to care for someone, or due to maternity leave for example. Society should be able to protect them as much as the people doing the most work on average per week. People should no longer be at the fringes of society because they cannot provide for themselves, weather for a short period or for their rest of their lives. We can however create and provide activities that benefit the community and keep them included in society such as, gardening, child minding, support groups, teaching and art, all whilst providing them with the support they need to function.
Jeanette Almgren a.k.a. Lush Liquorice
(3) The theological formulations that jelled between the Council of Nicaea (325) and the Council of Constantinopel (381) had reflected an accommodation with Greek thought, and so had the work of the great Augustine (354-430). In this period, the metaphors that early Christians used to describe their experience of and faith in Jesus of Nazareth were reinvented in the categories of Hellenistic metaphysics. Obviously, the movement from religious expression which began, essentially, as poetry, which prizes ambiguity and allusiveness, to religious philosophy, which values precision above implication, represents a decisive shift.
MARSELLUS
The corporate state first manifested itself most obviously in Mussolini’s Italy of the 1920s. There the state concerned itself with every aspect of economic life, setting wage levels and working conditions, regulating and licensing commercial activities and closely controlling political activity.
(Sadly, no photo – we were too busy eating to take the photo)
that linger like a ghost
13-If you were granted three wishes from an angel or genie what would you want?
In a large bowl place the meat, onion, parsley, and breadcrumbs. Mix well, then add the egg and a little seasoning of salt and pepper. Using your hands, combine everything together. If you are using chicken, you may have to add additional breadcrumbs because the ground chicken is usually very moist. Shape into meatballs. Delia Smith recommends meatballs small enough that you get 24 of them, and I aim for that. You can use a small ice cream scoop or cookie dough dropper if you have one that's the right size to portion the meatballs. The one I use has a 1-1/2-inch diameter. I believe it would be one that holds 1-1/2 tablespoons.
Update 2/28/2012
A woman is not a wallflower to be looked at and admired or a piece of furniture to be moved as per one’s whim. She has a mind and a heart of her own and due regard has to be given to her sensibilities. The society loses a lot if impediments are put in the way of development of her personality.
This post was going to be about how I don't know how I'm going to be able to handle all of these stresses in the upcoming months. This post was going to be about how everyone tells me how "strong" I am and how I can do this...I just wish someone could carry some of the stress for me...
- on the 10th I wore a shirred Burda top in mustard cotton veil with purchased leggings and me-made white daisy earrings and my Female navy caban at night -such an easy pattern, it was one of the first things I made successfully when I started sewing seriously again in 2008!
A pillowcase
Currently, activities such as smoking and the excessive consumption of fast food are risky, but only in the sense that their continuation gradually increases the risk of contracting disease or illness. The advances medical treatment that accompany negligible senescence can be expected to reverse the risk associated with these activities. As a result, although we may become more isolated, timid, stay-at-home beings, we can at least smoke and eat to fill the emotional void in our lives.
So it may be that when these areas have these sounds, that kind of sound, it may be that what’s happening is that you’re tuning in to the psychic frequency of the super spectrum and you’re literally hearing the thoughts of millions of people. Well, that in itself could probably drive you nuts. And that also is a very peculiar sensation.
Let’s call these guys “Ugly hot”… They are not good looking, but there is something sooooo hot about them! They radiate swag. Ever seen a smoking hot bitch walking down the street with an average looking dude?? Or a tall, tanned, chiselled guy with a minga? You wonder “how did that happen”?? It happened because of swag and confidence! If a guy has so much swag and is sure of himself, I will forget who I’m looking at, and actually focus on having fun with him. Of course, I have to have a general level of physical attraction – so it helps if the guy looks after himself by dressing nicely, going to the gym, having a good haircut, etc.
During his announcement, Herman Cain continued to deny any misconduct on his part. He said, “These false and untrue allegations continue to be spinned in the media, and in the court of public opinion so as to create a cloud of doubt over me and this campaign and my family. That spin hurts. It hurts my wife. It hurts my family. It hurts me. And it hurts the American people, because you are being denied solutions to our problems.” Cain then said, “I am not going to be silenced and I am not going away.” Immediately thereafter however, Herman Cain was silent and then he went away.
But what it really got me thinking today when I read Sam's post.
The abilities themselves are scarcely explained and I like it that way; this is so much cooler than just a boring ‘superhero origin’ movie because it doesn’t dwell on any of the usual crap that those do. It’s a smart, gritty movie that has some serious twists, turns and thrills that you won’t see coming. Unlike most ‘kid with superpower’ movies like Jumper and I Am Number 4, Chronicle is dark and feral all the way and doesn’t wimp out on the danger that would realistically be present. The focal character Andrew (can’t really call him a protagonist) doesn’t get the girl, not everyone makes it out OK and where a lot of films would go for a safer, more happy-go-lucky character arc…this movie just gets darker and darker. When you think it’s gotten to its lowest point, Chronicle surprises you and gets even darker where most movies would pull out and relieve the characters of their pain. I respect this movie for that.
After five minutes, he stopped at a restaurant for lunch. I was surprised! I didn’t know he’s bringing me to an expensive-ish place. I asked to see the menu first so I can decide. While viewing the menu, the waitress told me that the driver told her that he isn’t eating and I’ll just be paying for myself. I was relieved, and since the price looks reasonable (but still above my expectations), I decided to eat there. Apparently, this was one of those set-ups with drivers and restaurants, and as I will find out later, batik and silver shops.
Joseph Vacher was born the last of 15 children, in 1869 to a poor, illiterate, peasant farmer in the French town of Beaufort. Through careful study over time, present day experts have learned that most serial killers share some common traits. Often times, when delving into the childhood of a serial killer, experts find that the killer began small... usually with animals. Joseph Vacher was no exception. As a child he displayed some traits which his family found to be quite disturbing. He had been discovered mutilating animals, he would beat his siblings, and had even fired a gun in the direction of some children his age. His parents decided rather quickly that their youngest Vacher child needed more discipline, so they sent him to a strict Catholic school, where he could learn "to fear and obey God".
McGovern MP, Gjerdingen DK, Froberg DG. The parental leave debate: implications for policy relevant research. Review. Women Health 1992; 18: 97-118.
Make sure you head over to The Paper Bakery, to get all the details on how you play along with this months sketch challenge for your chance at an awesome prize pack!
In the evening, I headed back to Catcott. Fewer hirundines today, but as I arrived in the car, a brown hare lolloped along the track towards me, stopped, looked at me, then lolloped back along the track to a field. Should I follow? I've heard about these strange animal encounters on the Somerset Levels, but what the heck, so I followed. And where it entered the field, there in a bramble, my first whitethroat of the year singing away, not in an hurry to move off. (I'll enter these photos into the BBC Wildlife Magazine top wildlife photo competition I think)
Blake has to make a decision and he is torn. He said that he has a bond with both of his girls. He said wished RaeLynn had done something different and Erin just came out and did it. In the end, after much prompting from Carson, Blake blurts out Erin. This dude surprised me because I know he is a die hard RaeLynn fan.
Are you happy being ‘average’? Or is the ideal of 6-pack abs something you’re striving for in your life? Ever been sucked in by a promise of quick results? Does the reality of hard work change your perspective on achieving those kinds of results?
Anyway, this dum dum called looking to get from here to there,
I have spent my whole life asking if there is a god and if so what does it have to do with me.
Iceland makes an ideal test site because the ground beneath the island nation is 90 percent basalt, which is formed by volcanic activity. The country also generates most of its electricity from geothermal sources.
· Experience with iterative design methodologies (i.e. Agile) a plus
to ring. A single robin
12. Come And Get It
Speaking to journalists from the Presidency where the Salvation Army was loading the last of Thabo Mbeki's belongings into a van, spokeswoman Clitoris Labuschagne said that just because Tshabalala-Msimang would not have any specific responsibilities, it didn't mean that she would have no responsibilities whatsoever.
A couple of days ago, we shared another special moment in the kitchen together. This time we made muffins. Yes, as you’ll see from the pictures below, my little guy decided he’d wear his pajamas for the event. Oh, how he loves his pajamas! And they’re Christmas pajamas. :0)
Think about this… if we have a few too many carbs and our pants feel 10 times tighter than they did last week, we’re aware of it. So, why get a second opinion? You know why… in hopes that somebody will feel too bad to tell the truth. Oh how we love having others to encourage our denial.
Look for wanting in your life. Begin to notice it at work, at home, with your friends, with family and spouse. Notice it also in your sex life (or absence of one). Wanting has a heyday in the land of the libido. Next week, I will take a look at the power of sex and where sexuality and spirituality meet.
When Sarah Palin was assassinated by the Abecedarians (Gnostic Illuminatis who go to extremes), Kisisnger has her immediately cloned. He was infatuated with her; he knew Obama was selected for the Preidency but they needed a clone should she be chosen for the next President in the future. He had several clones of her made, one for him to “play” with — that is, he transfers his soul into her clone for a few hours and stands in front of a mirror, naked.
“Roger, payload is okay,” Engen then calls into the headset that keeps him in contact with the Atlantis II. The pilot lets water gush into the floats.
34. That Annoying Hanging Spider Sound
Instilling healthy habits in children – believe it or not – you impart a legacy of health to your children that goes well beyond the genes you give them. You also pass along health beliefs and model health – related choices.
Goal is not to categorize, but general progress.
“Who will help me plant this grain of corn?” she asked.
There are more boxing movies out there than you may well be aware of, and all of them - more or less - follow the same formula: fighter with heart struggles up from nothing to make it to the top of the heap.
The steak was cooked to a perfect medium, with a nice char on the outside, and a very juicy, hot pink center. The flavors from the grill were very nice, and you could tell that this was no cheap cut of meat. The texture and flavors melted in your mouth, and the Maitre de hotel butter on top wasn't even necessary, but it sure did add some nice flavor to it. This too was served with French fries, and a side of watercress. All the items were very nice, and at this point I was stuffed.
Article 17
If she’s waiting for an answer, I won’t give her the satisfaction. The skin covering my knuckles tightens as I grip my balcony’s railing. The heat on the satellite follows no matter where I go. It makes my fingers slick with sweat. My mother realizes that I’m refusing to speak. She sighs as though I’m a child.
My contact Information:
My Best Enemy is released on DVD in the UK on 12th September 2011.
"YOU BETCHER BUCKSKINS AND SAVE YER MOCCASINS FOR SUNDAY!"
So, as much as I love classical mythology, from now on you can keep your Bacchus and your Dionysus. Partly for Flooter's sake, and for the sake of my children who love him probably as much as they love any character I've created; but partly because the little red- nosed man who lives in your wine cellar and goes on mad drunken rides on dogback speaks to me of real, human drunkenness and folly much more than any demigod - and, I realise as I write this, reminds me somehow of the friendly, pathetic drunks I used to sometimes see and puzzle over as a child.
Anyway when the Queen was announced our girl was so shocked and amazed. She cried and cried then danced like a crazy person with her date who won king. It's nice when kids do the right thing. Rare and amazing, and very nice.
In reflecting on the past several months and on this year in general, I find that Thanksgiving is a time to ask these questions (see my Thanksgiving post) once again. That article was written some years ago, but I find myself returning to these questions and pondering them anew every year.
ain't life grand?
Two months ago I wrote about trust from the perspective of parents trusting their children. There is another side of trust: children trusting their parents. If you feel like it's hard to trust your children think about what it's like to be a child. Children are completely dependent on the adults in their life. If your child doesn't trust you they don't have the option of grounding you or punishing you or creating consequences for your behavior. It's daunting to think of all the different areas of life, all the little things, all the possible ways that we can betray our child's trust. And if we screw that up it will affect our child's relationships for a long time, possibly for the rest of their life. Are you worthy of your child's trust?
What he wrote was the speech he would have given if he had been the speaker at the ceremony. It was a good speech and about the only thing that made me want to cry. The part that stuck out the most was what he said about parents, what they would do now that their kids were moving on, as he concluded. He mentioned all that they had given up for us, how they had changed their lifestyles and made choices to accommodate us and in the process found that it was more rewarding to live for others than just themselves. What he said wouldn’t be true for all parents but it is for mine. Though it may sound cliché it struck me as true. I would say that my parents live meaningful lives even if they haven’t achieved greatness. Even while they have sacrificed for their children they also never lost a sense of self or confused our lives with theirs.
This has been a friendly reminder from a fellow crock pot user.
2 The Guardian on why India needs western supermarkets. Critics of the Indian government’s retail policy make five points. One, India doesn’t need foreign retailers, since homegrown companies and traditional markets are doing the job well. Two, independent stores will close, leading to job losses. Three, profits will go to foreigners. Four, there will be sterile homogeneity and Indian cities will look like cities anywhere else. And five, the government hasn’t built consensus.
With the most amazing views you will defiantly feel like you are drinking on a luxury yacht, in the middle of the ocean. You will hear the waves crashing against the dock as the tide comes in. The refreshing smell of ocean breeze will relax you while you drink.
This first one would have to be my favourite
The Peaceful Assembly Bill, hurriedly introduced to try to stave off Bersih 3.0, has failed miserably. Its provisions are blatantly unjust and are routinely ignored.
Sandy Koufax - Coney Island Parkviews
of men in that they bore the responsibilities of that personhood and could not pursue their own individual happiness without having to consider the cost of abandoning duty and essential contribution to the collective;
2. Talk About Other Job Opportunities
The scope of the Court's consideration of Paroc's appeal was thus limited to the question of the correctness of refusing to register the mark in relation to the class 37 services.
Enlarge for full effect
The text field inside the movie clip.
Less then 60 days now until we have Colleen officially in our family!
Do not utter even a single harsh word; your True Lord and Master abides in all.
There is also the important fact that you can't see the back of the building, and the north side only partially, and that much only with some effort. One can always wave a hand and say, "Maybe the house looks different from the back, like it was only partially remodeled or something. The conservatory and the ballroom with its big windows and French doors? Back there somewhere, on the other side of the house." I think many people find that to be a perfectly satisfactory explanation, if the question occurs to them at all.
I was so excited when the ebook came out, but the paperback makes it feel more real somehow. Holding a book with my name on it feels like victory and I know I want to keep writing for the rest of my life. No matter what I write in the future, Provex City will always be exceptionally special to me. It helps me believe anything is possible. Thanks, Mr. Gordon.
It’s a nice coincidence that I should buy this promising (sexistly speaking) piece of science fiction alongside a book that everyone says is so innovative in terms of sexuality, religion and whatnot, I thought.
Me: C, it's waaa-aaaay...too early. I'm still sleeping... come back later.
Bring the Wine in a Brown Bag or a Box of Wine
For as long as I can remember, and most certainly before that, my grandmother has made Easter Bread every year. This bread isn't pretty to look at but its dense, almost cake-like crumb makes it an ideal candidate for dipping in coffee or milk. Its slightly sweet taste also pairs well with some savory foods. A family favorite: Easter bread served with dried sweet Italian sausage on Easter morning.
With this batch of Saison, I portioned-off 5 gallons of the 10-gallon batch into another carboy, and inoculated it with a Lambic Brett (bacterial culture). One to two years in a damp, cool corner of my basement, and we're off to Belgium, (right here in Kansas). Which is funny, because the town that I live in was settled by people from Belgium. Spinach farmers from Belgium, in fact. Hmmm. A spinach farmhouse ale, maybe? No effing way!
Autumn touches me gently on my arms, the most subtle of touches.
The only constant is change.
That just because he may not answer doesn't mean he don't care
Ever since, even though I chose to do an adult high school program 3 years later and go on to college about 5 years after attaining my diploma.
VII. WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES AND PROPAGANDA
Stubbornness, narrow-mindedness, jealousy, envy, and stinginess can be the shadow side of your character.
I used a piece of Not Quite Navy cs 4 1/4 X 11.
Duke Stevens, a resource coordinator in Manhattan for OASAS (Office of Alcoholism and Substance Abuse Services) has seen many children and young adults come through his program as the result of their parents’ addiction and the affects it has had on their children.
I always wanted one of those private keys.
Just the idea of having my own little bookstore feels me with a joy that I can only compare to the thrill I got when I began to fantasize about making a living as an artist. Whenever I am inside an used bookstore I am also reminded of the old library at the boarding school I used to go to as a child.
**Readers, please note: This blog post has been sort of living in me for several months, and I don’t want you to think these feelings are specific to anyone I’m dating currently. These feelings are about everyone I’ve dated, no one I’ve dated and ultimately, the guy with which I’m going to spend my life. Whoever he is, wherever he is. This post is about where I am in the healing process.**
Meanwhile more and more of Africa floods towards Cape Town, the fastest growing city. We are continually treated to foolish articles telling us Cape Town is still too white, is still not African enough. No one seems to stop and consider that since Cape Town is growing faster than anywhere else, this is clearly what is most valued and wanted.
My camera wasn't working on Thursday, so I couldn't take any pictures. I was thinking I needed a new one until I got home. Then I discovered I had left the memory chip in the computer when I'd downloaded photos the night before. Doh!
Bring a pot of water to a boil, salt it generously and cook the pasta for 8 minutes; add the asparagus, carrot and snap peas and cook for 3 minutes. Check the pasta and vegetables to make sure they're cooked through but still have texture, then drain.
“Holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.”
It’s common konwledge that exercise can decrease stress. According to the Mayo Clinic, working out can cause your body to produce endorphins and boost your mood.
Sitting passively, insecurity arises, tugs at our minds, and we do nothing about it. How is that possible? With the foundation that these thought forms that push us one way or antoher and their contents have no reality. They are shadows, clouds, presumptions, superimpositions. When all that arises within our minds becomes cloudlike and empty, these dynamics loose their power. This is the practice of relaxation; not just to relax the jaw, shoulders, eyes, spine, wrists but to relax the very mind that grasps at phenomena as reality, having understood the ignorance that causes appearances to be mistaken for actualities. When the body becomes a temple fortified with the understanding of mind-as-projector, one can truly relax into softness, a softness that contains within it pure potential and sky-like spaciousness.
Spartacus occupies the other end of the scale – a show so riddled with plot (and tits, cock and gore) that it is thrilling, if sometimes vacant. So much is going on that it’s hard to cling to something real. Good fiction, in my opinion, occupies the space between these two – allowing character, emotion and nuance to unfold against the backdrop of a real story.
Eight of us set out that night. There was Sixpence the Tanner, who had never sung in his life (he just worked his mouth in church); the brothers Horace and Boney, who were always fighting everybody and always getting the worst of it; Clergy Green, the preaching maniac; Wait the bully, and my two brothers. As we went down the lane other boys, from other villages, were already about the hills, bawling ‘Kingwenslush’, and shouting through keyholes ‘Knock on the knocker! Ring at the Bell! Give us a penny for singing so well!’ They weren’t an approved charity as we were, the Choir; but competition was in the air.
So this is me, stuck in the mud. Looking around and no longer trying to get out because that makes the suction stronger. I will stand here in silence, look around me and listen and just be still. When the time is right I will be able to move.
Paciorek then decide to retired after another injury to his shoulder.
Yea, I’m pumped up.
I got an email from a reader questioning my choice to take two of my daughters for pedicures on their day off yesterday. I just want to take a moment to assure you that I'm not squandering money on spa days. The little nail salon by me offers specials on Mondays and I really wanted to do something special for Lexi especially, who breaks down crying several times a week, but won't complain or ask for a thing. Yes, I'm aware that I can spend special time with my kids without spending even the little bit that the pedicures cost. But sometimes, a little something that puts a smile on my kids' faces in the midst of turmoil and pain is worth more than you might imagine. And, in case anyone was wondering, I've gotten many gift cards for restaurants and stores, as well as donations of money, with the instructions, "Please use this to do a little something for your kids", or "Please use this to put a smile on the kids' faces and add a little fun back into their lives."
Fun facts about Gil Hodges:
Hello! :)
...but then it could only get easier ...right??? Hmmm....we shall see...lol
If I look to Him for it.
both em and en dashes benefit from using thin or hair spaces on both sides. adjust depending on the natural space around the letter or numbers on either side. (such as a 1 vs a 0). White spaces are in the type menu, at the bottom, below insert special character.
Help to rid our land of crime;
Montana has some neat-looking rock formations. The national monument here is called Pompey's Pillar, and there, you can see ancient Native American petroglyphs, as well as the honest-to-goodness signature of William Clark, of the famed Lewis and Clark expedition. His signature is dated July 25, 1806, and since then, many others have defaced the rock by etching their names into it. (But I didn't think you'd much care that Mary loved Billy in 1890.)
Bill Whittle (BillWhittleChannel) has prepared and published a comprehensive video detailing the sources of all U.S. income and spending for fiscal year 2011. From it, we learn that of the $3.8 trillion spent, $2.2 trillion was used for entitlement spending (social security, medicare, unemployment, food stamps, etc). This is the same number received in revenues. This means that all the money we taxpayers paid was given directly to entitlement recipients. Since there isn't any money left over, the government must borrow the difference for it to operate (paying salaries, retirement, funding all agencies, NASA, the armed forces, cost of war, etc).
Voting is open until Friday 12:00 pm.
Please do not be deceived…Church of Latter Day Saints – Mormons – is in fact a cult, not Christian brothers as our “buddy” (term used loosely) Osteen would like to have everyone believe. The heart of the matter is, Osteen does not wish to offend anyone or drive away a single person from his church that may have deep pockets and therefore, Joel politically dodges the questions in such a way that only an unbeliever or a Lakewood member would be deceived by.
Please also do be sure to check out the wealth of information that is available on the Infallibles from my dear friends and enablers:
A watch is something very personal to the wearer, and when you buy one you will already have a set style in mind. However, your lifestyle will play a large role in the watch that you choose. Here are a few ways that your lifestyle will affect your choice.
This whole genre of thought experiments comes together as the “absent qualia” argument. The argument is that complete functional descriptions fail to capture the quality of experience just as utterly as complete physical descriptions do. One of the biggest successes in philosophy of mind in recent years has been the work of David Chalmers, who argued in The Conscious Mind that, faced with the problem of qualia, we have no choice but to concede that materialism is false and that reality includes at least two kinds of properties, physical properties and phenomenal ones.
At some point, however, the evidence of a highly disturbed personality shows through, especially once the psychopath is no longer invested in a given victim and thus no longer makes a significant effort to keep his mask on. Then total denial is no longer possible. The floodgates of reality suddenly burst open and a whole slew of inconsistencies, downright lies, manipulations, criticism and emotional abuse flows through to the surface of our consciousness.
Three miles from the farm down more interestingly mother nature carved roads are the cacao fields. Cyrila’s Chocolate owns 60 acres of jungle with 5 acres used for cacao. When we arrived at the cacao field, Juan proceeded to explain the 3 main types of cacao pods that are in production. He picked a pod from a tree, and against a second pod picked by myself, he smacked them together to open one. Cacao does not end up the way it starts and the way it looks is so completely different from what you would expect. Juan encouraged me to sample one of the beans from inside the pods. All I can say is interesting. Doesn’t taste much like chocolate at all. There is a white milky substance surrounding each bean and this substance has a citrusy, or mango-like flavour. Not chocolate at all. The cacao beans are approximately the size of an almond. After sucking on the cacao bean Juan encouraged me to bite it. Again, the bean doesn’t taste like chocolate at all. It is obviously the manufacturing process of fermenting, and roasting the beans that produces the flavour we have come to know and love.
Participants: TBD
The singer with a voice that could cut through steel, a brilliant but unstoppable (electric) guitarist and an instrument which could very well be a modern version of the kérôna I mentioned before creating a rhythmic wall to lean against.
“He’s having-” The woman giggled even more, Addison recognizing the flirty tone and getting very jealous. “-dinner right now.”
For Almost The Same you worked together with Jelly Boy. How did you get him involved and what did he add to the production?
and called the police, but they did not pitch for 45 minutes," the owner
And then I stopped because I think a run would do me more good than writing about how I'm confused and the Romantic writers are confused, and we're all confused together. Over-identifying with my subject, much?
- standing at a balance
My Dad will be flying in tonight and the family is super excited to see Gramps for Christmas. It's been at least 20 years since I had a Christmas morning with the old guy so I might be a bit excited too :)
carry me, when I weep you will
Cr: jktasian @ wordpress
I can almost hear the sighs from readers who just want to leave their bed untouched until they get into it again at night, but having a clean wrinkle-free place to sleep is one of the things that will make a difference to your day and how well you get through your work. You are mindful of your diet and exercise, you shower every day - or most days, you clean your teeth, make sure you store your food properly so it remains safe and healthy; your bed, my friends, is in that category. It matters. If you're just going to pull up the sheets during the day, why not give yourself another two minutes and make the bed.
There is freedom to fail. There is freedom to grow. There is freedom to love. When everything falls apart, God repairs. When you mess up big time, He corrects. When you don’t understand, God reveals. When you are annoyed with God because He is always asking for your heart and you don’t feel like giving it to Him, He is patient. When you give up on God, He is faithful.
The expectation for many will be a shad kill, which may or may not happen. For it to do so there needs to be a combination of low 40s temperatures in the lakes for a good period of time, shad close to the dam and a high water generation release. This past February we saw zero generations for a few weeks and very cold climate, few anglers were fishing the opening days at the dam.
Each one of you are such a big part of my life now. A celebration would not be complete without you all in it with me.
After the High Speed train from St Pancras, arriving at Wye is like stepping back in time. It’s a great little country station: the buildings, constructed by the South Eastern Railway, date from 1846 and remain largely as built; the level-crossing keeper still uses a set of levers just off the platform to operate the gates. The village itself, to the east, is historic and picturesque, and includes the mediaeval buildings of Wye College, until recently an important place of study and research for Agriculture and Plant Sciences, but now, sadly, closed.
The double chocolate stout is a crowd pleaser.... or a friend pleaser since my friend Bryan really likes it. Our plan is to split this up and flavor each part a bit differently. We may go with three different kinds of chocolate or do chocolate raspberry. More here as we get some idea of what we'll do.
My computer is located on the first floor in a room with a sliding glass door that opens into our dog/chicken yard. We never use the door for entering or exiting the room and instead just view it as a very large window in the room. It brings light.
6. Let it simmer at low temperature for about 40 minutes. Check to see when it is ready, and add a few spoonfuls of water if necessary. Serve very hot, fresh off the fire.
it is just a set of rules and equations.
The main attraction for my two was the Grand Cascade, not because it's a stunning feature but because there where lots of toy diggers provided for small people to collect water in and get very wet!
a punk rock and avant-garde jazz drummer. He has written three
“Love knows not greediness, my love”, she taught him. She spoke words of wisdom and tore down his masks. William was never a good man, but he has loved the good man he was with her. She gave him a whole new meaning to love and poetry. She was a candle indeed, and he stole away her firing light.
Indiana has made a habit of sending their best to Columbus. See Oden, Gregg, Connely, Michael Jr, Thomas, Deshawn... I could go on all day.
Take another example: After reverse-sweeping ferociously for four, A.B. de Villiers ferociously sweeps down the throat of Virat Kohli at deep square leg. But what do we get from the fielder? An urgent communication on what he would do to the mother and sister of the departed batsman.
I think everyone that has lost weight has done a similar mathematical exercise. We have also all sworn NEVER to let that happen to us again….
miniCASTER® introduces HDMI model and releases a new firmware before NABShow 2012.
First of all, and you know I'm not spouting anything new here because this might be the least controversial thing I say, Jesus was a dirty fucking hippie. He walked around in sandals all the time, had long hair, a beard, and I defy you to find a mention of a shower in the Bible. Dirty. Fucking. Hippie. And you know he's smoking a shit-ton of weed. Premium BC Bud. Like I'm pretty sure all Canadians do. He's a Canadian fucking hippie stoner. The worst kind. At least American hippies play around in the mud and look like they are having fun tripping balls – the fucking Canadian ones just like to hang out on
So why doesn’t God step in and put a stop to all of this in judgment? Well, He will but not until this age of grace has run its course. Souls are still being saved in spite of the wickedness of man. God’s grace is still active. We see in 2 Corinthians 6:2 that “Now is the accepted time; behold now is the day of salvation.”
Adrenal stress further weakens immune barriers – GI tract, lungs, and the blood-brain barrier – in the body, by allowing foreign substances to enter the bloodstream and brain, weakening the immune system, and promoting inappropriate immune system regulation.
This is one of my favorite quotes. I have often felt a strong affinity with the butterfly and perhaps more so the chrysalis stage of the butterfly. The stage where I have gone within as preparation to morph into something new. So when a butterfly showed up today as I meditated on the upcoming Phoenix Rising class I was amused and grateful. How perfect for the butterfly to join those embarking on the road to embrace their gifts.
Sales threshold being the key term here if it’s not a set license period.
Belfast’s shipbuilding past looms large as does it’s famous child – Titanic. Visiting just a few days after the 100th anniversary of the sinking of Titanic there was an exhibition around the building of the iconic ocean liner and a very moving memorial to everyone who lost their life on the fateful day. I oddly noted there was a George Dean who lost his life (my first name is George) which brought it home to me. I thought there was a palpable sense of civic pride around Titanic – although the taxi driver dryly questioned celebrating a badly designed ship that sunk 100 years ago.
Shaunna has some great posts on how she revamped her cottage one room at a time.
See what I mean? My Love covers a multitude of sins, Little One.
The encounter with the snake-charmers, a chance to stroke a snake and overcome fears, to crowd around the statue of the saint asking for help for health, or simply sit on the edge, in front of a spectator event so special, inevitably arouses a deep sigh, which is worth a try.
6. Put the flan into the fridge for half an hour and turn on your oven to 170 ºC, gas mark 3. Wash the spinach and put the wet leaves into a large pan.
“Give out love, and let it come in.“
“Yea, Tubbs.”
There's been Lots of Progress
PS The egg and lemon sauce is a Greek Classic but if you feel like it, you can skip on the eggs..
fresh peaches :)
In Sikanderpur, we realized the posh bath accessory stores did not exist. They were located in DLF Phase I and similar colonies where moneyed people went. These swank stores displayed foreign brands like Grohe and American Standard, while it was the back alley in Sikanderpur that finally satisfied my search for a Hindware dealer!
"Yes, you, too, are just a statistic."
All this being said, I think it is getting high time for Paul and I to get away for a weekend. Not because I am sick of the kids, because I am not. But because we need some time to talk and to connect and to just have fun being a couple, not just Mom and Dad.
We had a blast together as a family. We loved every second spending time together and I think we all needed a friendly reminder that we actually like each other. :) Sometimes our hectic life allows us to forget that minor detail. The plane rides aside, Kellen smiled the entire time....and while Hank didn't have an hour to spare, I'm sure glad he figured out a way to take a few days off to spend with us. After all, we're pretty fun.
Needless to say, by this point the idea of Mr A having a balcony was fairly abhorrent to all, and we were itching to get him to provide his plans for us to "nay" them unanimously...but the plans never appeared.
That, however, presupposes that Plato was a supporter of democracy, and, in particular, its Athenian incarnation. Nothing could be further from the truth: Plato's entire oeuvre is clearly anti-democratic in character; in the Republic, democracy is the second-to-worst political system, one step above tyranny, the worst.
After the mass de-virgining, the rules were recited (#1: Don't fuck with the hair!) and the screening began.
Content until I invite someone over because I want to host. Because the Bible tells me to be hospitable. Because I want to come face to face with one of my weaknesses. Because it is an area that is not a strongsuit, but I am willing to improve.
That was it for the Saturday, then. Sunday saw me Back Once Again Like A Renegade Master, and first-of-all ensconcing myself in a seat in the Theatre Space. I am fond of both seats and the Theatre Space, because with these things you get to sit down. More importantly than that, though, I was very eager to see the tuba-doom (“doompah”, if you will) duo Ore. This was amazing – doom metal played on tubas, an inspired choice given that the tuba (as an instrument) provides not only the deep’n’low notes but also the appearance-of-a-massive-physical-struggle that you need to make this sort of thing seem convincing. It was only afterwards that I sussed out whyfore the name, too: ore, the essence of metal, in an unfamiliar form but left pure and stripped of artifice. “Ahar-har-har, that’s actually genuinely clever” I thought. Magnificent, anyway. I would like to see the two of them in collaboration with a didgeridoo player (because dronez) and a sousaphonist (because the sousaphone is the greatest instrument yet created).
My review today is on the Loreal Youth Code foaming cleanser. I picked mine up at wallgreens a few days ago. It was on sale for $7.99. Which I think was an amazing deal. You get a ton of product!
Get another 4 wheel drive (or a bus)
I didn’t really know what to expect before I watched The Voice. I knew the basic formula but not much else, I thought that it was just going to be X Factor BBC style. But I was pleasantly surprised. The idea of turning chairs is fresh enough to differentiate it from the competition and really modernise the talent show idea. I was also impressed with the coaches, each of whom seems to look for something different in a contestant. Will I Am seemed the weakest link to me, although there is every possibility that he will improve in the coming weeks, he seemed to be looking for someone a bit different, with a new sound. Jessie J was significantly stronger, she was looking for someone who had the emotional attachment to the music, who felt every note. Tom Jones was reasonably strong as a coach and seemed to be focused on finding someone with an amazing voice. Danny was was also quite a good coach although I was dubious beforehand and he seemed to be focussing on the complete package. But which of these approaches is best? We’ll have to wait to find out.
The inarguable imprint of Sukarno upon his precious young charge lies in “gotong royong”.
Both chefs are ex-Torito. Carlos was a one-time chef at the Kensington market tapas bar, and Fransisco his sou-chef. So Carlos’ next gig is Inigo, a churrasqueira specializing in chicken, and a host of side dishes.
What Arturo can’t do is forget about her—any more than Quinn can control her own feelings for him. Neither one can let desire get in the way of their mission—his to save his people, hers to save herself.
There are so many ways to pray for and with creation, to listen within and include the earth in our spiritual practice. Watching the simple wonder of a dawn can be a prayer in itself. Or when we hear the chorus of birds in the morning we may sense that deeper joy of life and awake to its divine nature. At night the stars can remind us of what is infinite and eternal within us and within the world. Whatever way we are drawn to wonder or pray, what matters is always the attitude we bring to this intimate exchange, whether our prayers are heartfelt rather than just a mental repetition.
There are a couple of stories that go with this recipe, not to mention the fact that it is one of my family's faves and one of my brothers fall down on the floor and moan if you put peanut butter and honey on a warm slice (honey first folks) let it soak into that warm bread and then the JIF peanut butter. JIF is truly the best. I should mention here, day old banana bread out of the fridge toasts brilliantly! I just like butter on mine. Everyone else uses honey and peanut butter.
Stay tuned for 2007, a year of decline and embarrassments, and 2008, re-runs.
5. Family blessings.
2. Add 4 tablespoons of water per apple
Tay Zonday totally knows where it’s at.
I really enjoyed the TSF posts wherein I looked about a couple of He-Man picture books I found in our St. Vincent De Paul. I thought I might be able to work the same magic on this similarly sized Voltron book. I remembered the cartoon and believe I owned a couple of the toys as a kid. The cartoon is nigh unwatchable today, having been assembled out of the parts of two or three separate animes. Still, I hoped having nostalgic memories of something has carried the day before in these columns.
Though an unusual plot for Allan Stratton, whose emotionally-charged books Chandra's Secrets (Annick Press, 2004) and Chandra's Wars (HarperCollins, 2008) address tough issues of AIDS, child soldiers and civil war, The Grave Robber's Apprentice actually feeds Stratton's passion for theatre, particularly the Stratford Shakespeare Festival. In his Acknowledgements, Allan Stratton describes his love of classic storytelling and attending shows and working, both on stage and behind-the-scenes, at Stratford. As such, all the features of classic tales - an evil entity, weak-willed followers, the requisite royalty, a secret, some magic, and a quest or two - with the added flavour of Shakespeare's comedies and tragedies come together in The Grave Robber's Apprentice. As the author eloquently draws the reader along, following the purposeful Angela to right the wrongs done by the Archduke, and Hans who haphazardly becomes enlightened about himself, Stratton provides the charming theatricality of fairy tales and plays as the vehicle to advance the tale to its happy ending. (Come on, you knew there would be a happy ending, didn't you?)
The countries that border Italy like France and Austria also has an influence over Italian cuisine. Other foreign influences include Spain, England, and Arabic countries. These countries engaged specific areas of Italy throughout history.
Another site that has impressed me is thelinconite.co.uk. Set up by three students who struggled to find work after leaving university, it has a readership of 15,000 and has even launched an Iphone application. It was started only in May last year and is already providing strong competition for the local newspaper, the Lincolnshire Echo.
Tuitele was part of the 2009 Mt. SAC football team, who won the state and national championship by beating San Mateo by a score of 7-6.
76 icing sugar (sieve)
Yeah this is the third consecutive post on technology!! Of course just my random thoughts on whatever!!
Coming to the desk today, I did another read through and then began the task of reading submission guidelines and following them for five presses that are either in the midst of contests or reading periods. Of the five, three allowed me to submit online (wahoo!), one required the mailing of the complete manuscript, and one a query with a ten page sample. The last is the hardest of all, as it requires being able to capture the book in one or two sentences and to pick the ten poems that might stand out the most and also represent the arc of the book. While it is the hardest, it is also quite rewarding and helpful.
After about 2 weeks of doing this, they forgot the necessity, and I grew tired of always having to ask for help. So one day, I tried getting into my chair by myself and was successful. So, some days I’d ask, if a co-worker happened by as I came in, and sometimes I’d try it myself. It got to the point where I was really paranoid and fearful every morning hoping I could manage to get into my chair successfully. If I fell, I wouldn’t be able to get up by myself. I had visions of having to call 911 and having the firemen pick me up. It became my most frequent prayer every day, that I be able to get into my chair safely.
We could not be more proud of our BIG Grandson and his willingness to work hard. Won't this look impressive on his recruiting profile! We look forward to being able to watch him on the Rugby field this next month.
No idea what this means. Do they refresh the 'evil occupiers?' Or have we roped in anti-Capitalist protesters now too?
I rebuke and discipline.
I'm thankful that I slept in today, but was woken up gently by a 6-year-old bouncing on the mattress near my feet.
Say “Hello” to Manchester’s new Mr Smooth. The coolest operator in town wa s seen working his charms on the touchline of the Etihad Stadium after 75 minutes of the 163rd and most momentous Manchester derby yet.
I like to chill the bowl I will make the whip cream in before I use it, but that isn't necessary.
The big aggregates reported here do not convey the level of tragedy experienced in the lives of every single individual here. They leave behind shattered families and wrecked communities. There is an unbearably sad story behind every single statistic.
35. Seen an Amish community
He made a final adjustment and sat up, stretching his back, as somewhere far away a sad young girl remembered how to smile. The clocks around him burst into life, cuckoos calling the hour across a dozen melodies that clashed yet harmonised, and Grandfather Time reached for the next broken heart that needed repair.
As the months went by we became very friendly. It was dinners at each other's houses and even the odd (rather painful) weekend away, but me and the future Mrs P found the flatmate was better in very small doses, and it became something we had to do rather than wanted to do. Flatmate loved to dance around vigorously to this En Vogue record, which I found rather disturbing.
Internet Millionaire Secret #3: Search for and grab untapped markets. Seek out people that have not been able to have access to your product in the past. In untapped markets, you don’t have to deal with competitors which helps keep the marketing costs down. In addition, you will be able to establish a rapport and trust with your customers.
For her present, Ella and I took a trip to Greenwich Village. It turned out to be a fun date. The stores we found are all on Christopher Street. Here's what we did:
- Barrie McKenna unloads on the Cons' secrecy and misdirection in trying to make it as difficult as possible for anybody to figure out exactly what's being cut in their budget:
A big thank-you to everyone who has made this year a good quilty one for me, and I'm looking forward to next year!
It was clear to me after spending more than five hours on the streets last Saturday, that those who walked were absolutely peace-loving, and opposed to any physical action, let alone violence.
THURSDAY, September 18th
As its name indicates, functional parts of the machine vanished from sight, and the engine itself became distinct from, and concealed within, the body of the contraption it powered.
I tried to describe and develope those things that coexist with "intensity/feebleness of feeling", "delicacy/rowdiness" and "beauty/ugliness" or something like that in the sounds. I also wanted to express the amplification, the development and the extinction of energies in this world. All this, as well as the hidden side of everything we belong to. Y'know, the sun gives us light but it also contains the dark. Each has its opposite side. Through auhm, I attempted to express those things as much as I possibly can.
Look, as I’ve said, Albert Pujols is great. At some point, he will likely come out of this “funk” and begin to “earn his hefty keep.” I’m sure the Angel’s intention was to get the best of his home run ball for the next few seasons, and he certainly can hit ‘em! It seemed a worthy investment; a bold move for a team and an owner whohas been close to contention each of the past few seasons.
Which brings me to this month's Gluten-Free Ratio Rally challenge: cookies.
I chose a college primarily because of its reputation as a “party school.” After all, college wasn’t just about getting an education and launching my career–it was also about having a good time, right? And boy, did I ever have a good time! So good, in fact, that I quickly found that things like going to class, doing my homework, and showing up for tests were all getting in the way.
Here I am standing in our future family room and what you see is meals, dining and then formal lounge (currently family) room:
But Molly soon discovers that beauty--and her wish--comes with a price. She's faced with an impossible choice: Will reclaiming her true identity mean letting go of Hudson for good?(
In my first week at ProPublica in June 2008, I filed a public records request for the agency’s complaint files. Such records can provide good fodder for investigations.
Thuria - The name for a large area of land believed to once have been a great empire in itself. A few hundred years ago it was united and ruled from Thyle, but now the land is divided into a number of other kingdoms.
Asian Age Correspondent
Daughter L, who has been learning to play polo and is taking part in the Pony Club champs this summer. We are really fortunate in this part of the country to have a farm polo club just around the corner, which is much less expensive than some of the bigger clubs down south.
And beautiful is that symmetry between piece strength and colour, that green is the actual colour made when mixing blue and yellow and the queen is the combined strength of a blue rook and yellow golden bishop. Also those pieces of equal strength, the knight and the bishop, are gold and red, red golden, side by side between light green and white king, dark green and black king. The middle ranks between them have all the colours of alchemy, red, gold and black as well as white, dpending on each side. There they are on the tablet with blue philosophical corner edges, 4 blue rooks (each side has the same colour except black and white pieces but one colour is a darker colour than the other, so we have in case of rook, dark blue one side a lighter blue on the other, a light green queen on one and dark green on another etc with the others- excepting the king and pawns whom are black and white depending on which side). Here is the surrealistic chessboard of love of storyland, brought back to life! Given colur in his scintlliating dance of forms, of movement. On this the artistic imagination may play, and that playing itself is the artistic process, the whole point of the art, living art, art in action, fluid and changeable like the Tao. A pleasant dance of dualities whom are not set in contrast, its just part light part dark, rather than complete light versus complete darkness and thus the dualism is changed also in this. Just to design one template set and leave it to posterity like this is a beautiful work of art when considering all its ramifications.
I’m not against standardized tests; as a general rule, I’m a huge fan. I appreciate the accountability, and the focus and drive that it can provide to administrators. There are basic things that I think students should know and be able to do in each of their subjects, and the CSTs (and like tests) make a good stab at them. They’re not perfect, but they’re okay. And, as my master teacher told me, meeting the standards should be the easy part. It’s the passing on a life-long love of reading and learning that’s difficult.
When we go to our couples therapy we have to wait a few minutes out front because it is after hours and the therapist has to come down to let us in. Across the street there is a church with purple doors.
Many of the other pieces here are just trite and forgettable. Nobuhiro Suwa wastes the excellent Juliette Binoche in a lame attempt to tug at heartstrings with a story of a mother grieving for her dead son. She runs into the street and encounters a cowboy — Willem Dafoe, channeling the infamous cowboy of David Lynch's Mulholland Dr. — who briefly reunites her with her son. It's pointless surrealism and pointless maudlin tripe, especially since it ends with the woman rapturously telling her husband that God has given her strength. Huh? God's a cowboy? I guess? Bruno Podalydès' Montmartre is just inoffensive and boring in comparison, a meet-cute in which a lonely man romances a woman who faints by his car. Oliver Schmitz's segment similarly suffers from its bland premise, in which a female paramedic cares for a man who's been stabbed, while flashbacks show that the events that led to this moment include the man's romantic obsession with the paramedic, who he'd pursued ever since randomly running into her in a parking garage some time before. It's an O. Henry-esque bit of irony that hardly seems earned by these inconsequential, ill-defined characters. In Bastille, Isabel Coixet uses voiceover narration to tell the compressed story of a man who is about to leave his wife until he learns that she is dying, at which point he devotes himself to her anew and falls in love all over again. The voiceover essentially provides a summary of what might have been an interesting movie if it had actually played out with some detail, some real scenes and real characters. As is, it's like a pitch for a movie rather than an actual story in itself.
Oh Dear God, I’ve become my mother….
Today is the day for sorting it all out. There are those who have probably had their children's uniforms pressed, their spanking new shoes polished and their bookbags primed with new stationary since the second day of the holidays. But not me. I have learned that being too organised too early makes one complacent. Things get forgotten. More importantly - children grow. They shoot up during the summer holidays like little sprouting beanstalks. They may have some recessive giant genes.
And last but not least two 1:48th scale GAZ AA. These are UM-Models and were quiet horrible to build. Very brittle plastic and lots of flimsy parts. Surprising enough, they are quiet robust once assembled and stand up to the rigors of gameplay. Tomorrow shall either be the tanks or infantry (I have not decided yet).
Good morning and thank you all so much for the wonderful congratulations and heartfelt comments you left yesterday you made me have a huge lump in my throat, I showed Phil your comments and he said 'what lovely people they must be'....I had a good time at the Craft show met a few people I knew, bought some paper, some more paper and a few more just for luck...oh and some ribbon, well a girl cant have too many can she, oh and I thought I had found the lace for my Nieces invitations but at £12.50 a metre I think not, considering I will need 20 metres...just a tad expensive lol...anyway stop waffling Mina and get on with the candy...
I have enough knowledge about the anime industry to say that the writers really planned out this episode well within the context of the rest of the series. I’m not caught up with the untranslated editions of the novel, so I can’t make any comment about how the characters are supposed to turn out, but I can say with confidence that the anime does its job as an adaptation, transferring the story into another medium with a reasonable amount of success. The original light novel’s author really comes out in the dialogue, particularly because the main character’s numerous internal monologues come straight from the prose. Either way, the story-lover in me was treated to something really nice and juicy this week, and I can’t wait to write the post for next week’s episode.
Now, one day, I will learn how to make them from scratch, but until then this recipe will do. It is really very good.
Ray Brown - string bass on "Razor Boy"
As we approach Easter, will you cross the line to the Cross of Christ?
Another example is the greatly increased interest in Eastern religions, which in these past two or three decades have become tremendously fashionable. Now there are Western-born, American and English gurus and Zen masters, and so forth. And people take it quite seriously. All these Eastern things have become quite an American institution, with people bowing down to the ground before Maharaj-ji and others who proclaim themselves to be God. This has been quite unheard of until the last two or three decades. And these are ordinary, idealistic Americans who are quite capable of bowing to the ground before Maharaj-ji.
No need to be shy, you really are! All your friends left you, including your girlfriend/boyfriend and your parents disowned you. Why? Because you're fat! Fat! Fat! Don't worry though, I do feel pity for you and I understand the suffering caused by the people that can't understand you and make fun of you all day. Yes, you big ball of lard, I care for you. That's why I'm going to present you this offer. It's simple, it's cheap, and you'll lose weight in no time (or you'll be dead, in which case you can't possibly sue our company). How, you ask? It's simple!
Multiple sources claim that US uses 100 quadrillion BTUs. This is equivalent to a consumption rate of 3.3 TW. Of course, the majority of this energy is derived from fossil fuels (as most energy everywhere is). In 2005, it was estimated that 40% of the nation’s energy came from petroleum, 23% from coal, and 23% from natural gas. The remaining 14% was supplied by nuclear power, hydroelectric dams, and miscellaneous renewable energy sources (Comparing Energy Consumption to GDP Per Capita).
Transfer the blackened poblanos to a resealable plastic bag and seal the bag. Set it aside for 15 minutes, then remove the chiles. Peel them (the skin should rub off pretty easily), then finely chop them, discarding the seeds and membranes.
BUT, you should know that shortly after talking with you last, i loaned my box to my sister. long story short: box got stolen.
A while ago, when I outed myself to the whole church congregation, he’s the one who stood up and said my sexuality doesn’t matter to him. I’m glad it doesn’t. I’m glad he accepts me as I am without question. I’m glad that seems to be the case with most of those I have loved for so many years. That said, while it doesn’t matter to him, it does to me, because in revealing myself to my world and walking out into the light, which is where all of us belong, leaves me the opportunity to truly become who I am and realize myself for real. This is who I always was; I wasn’t able to show it before, because sometimes I wasn’t sure who to show it to and to whom I should keep it hidden. Being gay leaves one questioning many things, not just about oneself, but about all the other selves one comes in contact with; who will be happy with one being oneself, and who won’t? It’s a question someone isn’t “out” has to ask themselves constantly. I’m done with those questions now. I am myself, without apologies.
Anyone who knows how to read can read for themselves what says the holy Scriptures. And it is the Holy Spirit that teaches not sinful man.
i met zaida 3 weeks after her fathers beatings and from her head to her toes there where scars from how he had abused her. it took a lot of control for me not to cry as she shared her story. my heart just quietly bled.
I also bought another pair of socks and some sole inserts that support my very high arch. (Another reason I suffer shin splints…)
Patientia (Arctic Brewing). Oak-aged sour beer showcasing distinct notes of caramelized pineapple produced by Brettanomyces. Brewer, John Dunfee.
It is wonderful to have someone in my life who not only cares enough to want to be in all those places with me, but who can do it with the charm of Rhett Butler.
So I decided to try it all again, from scratch, but I had an email from Intuit thanking me for signing up. This had a link. I tried the link and it is stuck on directions to enable syncing, which is already enabled. Trying to go through the process from within QuickBooks just ends here:
Varahamihira was invited to Persia to translate Indian Work to Persian and Al-Beruni came to India fundamentally to learn astronomy. The greeks use the same meaning names for Rasis as we do. There is at least a fair case for thinking that some knowledge of astronomy travelled from Indians to the Greeks. This was unthinkable in colonial times, but perfectly thinkable in 21st century Free India. India was one of the higher centers of learning and people came to us not only for our spices or our philosophy but also for our science and for our mathematics.
I started with unsubscribing from newsletters from WalMart, Best Buy etc. Then I removed myself from groups on Facebook and Yahoo. Then I cleared up a couple old blogs I had, then I ran into trouble. Who knew that when you delete an old blog that you had to remove the contents first. So now, on picasa, I have 3 albums of 500 photos each that I have to remove one photo at a time. Had I known this I could have deleted the entire album in one click, then removed my blog with another click. It's no big deal, but like a true virgo, I like to clean things up. Another problem is when I used to run a cross stitch group, we had many albums on Webshots, but we used a mutual email between the two community leaders, which is now closed. So forgetting the password, those albums are now inaccessible.
You will then need to cut this into a tag shape. I do this by measuring down 2 inches (5cms) down the sides and in 1 inch (2.5cms) across the top, drawing a line then cutting off the corners, and cutting through both layers. Hopefully the picture below makes it more clearer.
I hooked up my counterflow chiller backwards, so I didn't get as much cooling as I normally do. I took my gravity reading, and I got 1.032 instead of 1.050. I'm hoping that the lower reading is the result of the wort not being mixed well. We'll see in a week.
6. Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown) — John absolute owned Rubber Soul. Macca was solid on that album, but John simply dominated. NW is one of the best pop songs of all time George’s sitar make it a groundbreaker. Paul and John’s vocals are top notch and the subject matter is quite funny.
- Habana Outpost (757 Fulton Street): C, 35 violation points
I remember charities from my childhood such as CAFOD where we had little red collection boxes all year round. I remember the community cafe run by MIND and the charity shop run by Scope (under its former name).
There was only one problem: None of these candidates wanted the nomination. Neither did the other “draft” candidates who received support on the Americans Elect Web site, including Jon Huntsman, Ron Paul, Howard Dean, Donald Trump, Al Gore, Sarah Palin and David Petraeus.
Elizabeth Taylor, 1958
This year THON raised $10,686,924.83 For The Kids. That is amazing. Almost every student organization and any other willing org. raises money for THON each year. I have never felt something so incredible. People can hate on Penn State as much as they want but nothing will ever make me doubt the pride I feel for my school. People everywhere do horrendous things each day and all of those get reported with the worst of them being nick picked at every day. However, only few people can say that they actually made a difference. Penn State makes a difference every day and brightens the life of several kids who, without the help of THON and the Four Diamonds organization may not have had a second chance at life. Despite the claims that Penn State is no longer a reputable school, we all know the truth. The truth is that Penn State will actually be remembered for its amazing efforts in helping society and not the negative events the media reports now.
The Norwegian stares into space for a while, then picks up the picture that he has just drawn and makes a smudge on each tree. ‘Dar ya go.’
Eyes: Ditto on the eyes, but you can imagine a Caribbean turquoise
But the reality is that often the things we create or are creating are no where close to "perfect." The house is often messy and the relationships can be messy too sometimes. Even when we feel we get something just the way we want it, life can suddenly turn it upside down and "mess it up."
So I shall just skip my words now and show you guys the pictures with description of it~
One ad said "more doctors smoke camels than any other cigarette".
The visual of the three of them standing all frustrated and out of breath, an Asian, white, and black together, along with the fact that they are chicks kicking this dude's ass and the mystery behind it all is really a great moment in the film, and probably the highlight for me. One can certainly see this type of playfulness and the over-the-top tough chick theme in Tarantino's work.
01 - Devilish Hurry
Further to this, he regularly performs at top UK student nights, such as the nationwide weekly JUICED event – Every Friday at Wahoo Brighton and Chilli White Southampton and Keele.
I think See’s statement “effective technology plans focus on applications, not technology” is correct. Districts already have media specialists to teach the basics. The purpose of technology use for the general education instructor is to use emerging technology to enrich and submerge students. General education teachers need to demonstrate how real world technologies can be transferred to the mach workforce environments.
I seek you when you’re gone; when you’re around I lose me,
We have seen a number of images by Sally Mann which have been perceived differently by different viewers. Some choose to see shocking images worthy of criticism of Mann as a mother. Others see, as I do, a moving and intimate portrayal of the artist’s children growing up in their natural environment. Mann captures the everyday but doesn’t shy away from the darker aspects of childhood, capturing their nudity in poses that seem adult-like.
3-4 slices of bacon
So now I am back at work, inundated, facing my ineptitudes vis-a-vis netorking, not to mention the very real possibility that if I can manage to jump at all, I may end up leaving purgatory for a job that works me just as hard for a quarter of the salary (I would be inclined to call that “hell”, although I realize qualitative factors should, in theory, come into play – more on that in another post). Needless to say, my parachute is reflecting black. Maybe it’s not really black, but that’s what I see today. I remain hopeful, but I can no longer deny just how much work it is going to take in order for me to make a seamless transition.
-dropkick by Jericho in the corner sending Punk outside.
yes i know i have a shopping addiction - but soon enough it will come to a halt - a MAJOR halt - like NO more purchases for 12 months - yes 12 months - i'm dedicating myself that after October i will not purchase anything that is not a necessity and pay off all my credit cards! -- gonna be hard, but it's a life changing decision you will learn more about!
The next half of the book is literally blah blah blah: let’s film Katniss visiting people in hospitals and…. oh wait, an attack where she can shoot down hovercrafts! Let’s take her to District 2 to chill while the Capitol stronghold there is seized and, oh wait, Katniss steps out into battle to be a star again. Gale loves her, but she doesn’t seem to love anyone. Instead, she loves being cared for and babied. Some heroine.
Moon shot out towards the sea!
Not that I recall. Unless you count making Blanket tents …
Love you today even more than yesterday!!
Before there was True Blood on HBO, there were Charlaine Harris’ adroitly written Southern supernatural Sookie Stackhouse series. As much as I love True Blood, I gotta say, the books are far better. They may not have quite as much language and sex, but they have their share. More importantly, though, they have heart. Quite a bit of it, actually. And they’re funny in all the right places. I think Ms. Harris sets the gold standard for “rural” fantasy; I can’t really call it “urban” fantasy since most of the stories take place in sleepy little Bon Temps.
Sous Les Micocouliers is one of several very good restaurants in Eygalières and the surrounding area. So if you come the area to enjoy the beauty of the Alpilles mountains, try the olive or wine produced in the area, don't hesitate to try to Sous Les Micocouliers. I am very sure that reservations are a must during tourist season.
When we made it off the airplane, it was after midnight and it looked like the other passengers thought that I was going to hulk out at any moment. They kept their distance and kept looking at each other with SAVEME eyes when I walked past. When we picked up the luggage my mother-in-law let us borrow, it was broken because God obviously wanted me to throw myself off of a building at the end of my honeymoon.
Since no website that I have found has all of these documents in one place (although this site comes close), and since the Catholic Defense Directory (where I used to house these links) is now in the midst of a transformation, I decided to post the following list of links on my blog.
I made four tags out of the medallions I made. I was originally going to put them all on one card in a quilt fashion for my Mom for Mother's Day, but they were too big to all fit nicely on one card front, so tonight when surfing my reading list of blogs, I saw Nichole's post about the Blog Hop and decided to put them on tags.
Details are as follows:
Totally a snacker's paradise! And it took like a total of like 15 seconds to do this, and the payoff is HUGE! First off, the kids don't need any assistance getting a snack, because they can now easily find what snacks are for them, and only eat good portions. Secondly, it actually takes up far less cabinet space than all of the boxes and packages would have. Win win!
How can I thank you for sending so much love and so many prayers my way this past week after I said goodbye to my sweet little Toby?
NO MORE SHIMS embossing mat
Please take the time to read the information on her site, if you are not already familiar with this book. Then if you are outraged, there is something you can do! Here is the facebook page of the petition to Amazon asking them to stop selling this book. Here is the petition itself. And the blog of the woman who started the petition. The purpose of the petition is to pressure Amazon to stop selling the book (and other similar books), so that it will not be so readily available to parents who are desperately seeking godly answers and might fall into this very ungodly trap. Hopefully, it will also encourage them to look into WHY they can't find the book easily, and perhaps they will stumble across better information in the process.
And I’ve done it.
Well, I told her to come in this instant and take care of business! She lingered outside the bathroom and started twisting her legs together.
We contacted a local behaviorist who worked with us to build Abbey's confidence and reduce her fear. Nothing worked. Our vet recommended L-Theanine (which helped her in other ways) and Prozac (which did nothing at all). Then, one day in June, it happened...
Most dubstep is pretty light on lyrics, but it’s possible to make a dubstep remix of basically anything (if you click on one link in this post, make it this one). This is where the Christianity comes in. Christian dubstep – let’s call it Godstep – is basically producers making dubstep remixes of Christian worship music.
The ex-pat-re-invented Brits are having a field-day in my neck of the woods at the moment.
As for the Iranian power projection and its geopolitical future coupled to the absence of sanctions and transformation of relations with major powers into cooperation, it is understood that the Iranian regime should at first realize where it came short in its economic model.
long week....lots of things happening. we went to biloxi, mississippi, came home and then had a surprise visit from some of our kids....mr savannah left on wednesday, so there were lots of last minute things to do. it has been hectic.
Post 101 of 180
After a tasty dinner, we brought out her birthday cupcake (or fairy cake as the girls like to say). We sang “happy birthday,” she blurted out her wish and then made a couple of attempts at blowing out the candle before being successful.
We’ve all been taught the lesson from the time we were children: wild animals are not pets. Don’t feed the bears, don’t adopt a panther (as much as you think they’re beautiful, those coal-black creatures of grace and lethality), don’t fool yourself into thinking that hippo is happy to see you. I haven’t had much experience with wild animals but the few times our lives have intertwined were, for the most part, normal. For the most part, you say?
We took TONS of shots of Sami...It's kind of hard to Not do the edits...I think this is my favorite so far though. She's got one of those "sassy" personalities and I think it comes through...
Within two days of the original symptoms being shown, patients and doctors alike started to notice even more staggering changes. Their skin began to turn pale and fragile, almost as if they were suffering from gangrene. Their eyes jaundiced and they lost the ability to speak. Doctors thought that meningitis may had been attacking the brain, but CT scans showed no signs of it. However, there were other, more interesting anomalies happening to the brains of the patients. Brain activity had slowed down significantly and short, measured electrical impulses were detected.
Have you ever moved or considered moving abroad to pursue a career–or even a significant other? What was the experience like? Do you have any suggestions, advice, or words of wisdom to share?
I have prepared myself for a time such as this. I have completed the basics and ready to move forward in my progression. I give thanks daily during my still time, alone with God. As I meditate on the wonders of life I know and accept my dreams are part of the overall picture of existence. It is my work to do and no one can do it but me.
The discussion took an interesting turn as we spoke about how topography and the introduction of malaria shaped development patterns in the Lowcountry. As malaria was endemic to coastal Africa, enslaved Africans had more resistance to the deadly disease while Northern European settlers were more likely to succumb, thus minimizing the efficacy and profitability of white indentured servants and maximizing that of enslaved Africans.
Incredible nailer! It works flawlessly and I had no jams when building my cabinetry, plus it auto senses jams so you don’t end up with holes, and auto-senses the depth so the nail is delivered perfectly, just slightly below the surface everytime. Highly recommended for any home handyman, and could very well even be used for any general construction work!
Under well-lit conditions, look for any signs of punctures (such as nails or shards of glass) which might potentially lead to a loss of pressure or a blowout. Bulging or cracking might also occur on old tires; make sure you roll your bike forward in order to see all surface areas that come in contact with the road.
Hm, the model for the new Filippa K menswear spring/summer season! (I've seen him on billboards and he's the one you see when you first click over to the website, before entering!) Swoon, thud...
"Umm, how did I break my foot without noticing?"
On one hand i'm glad to have completed another spread - on the other i keep thinking..'but i want to do something clever, something really good'.. I don't think i've got there yet.. Do you have that conflict?
I didnt even want to have sex no more, i wasent confident no more about my body and i just wanted for someone to help me.
That is a good reminder for us. As you think about planning for the next ministry season, don’t neglect to include prayer.
When I joined the company softball team one spring, I realized the only pair of sneakers I owned were the faithful pair I wore in college, before my “metamorphosis to maturity.”
Many times we ask Why, God-Why? We struggle for answers to understand the situation and we turn to God’s word to try to find answers to our own questions. Reading the scriptures, we find numerous occasions where men such as David and Job endured loss of loved ones and endured tragic situations and we can see the hand of God working even in the midst of death. Anyone has endured heartache, tragedy and grief has asked questions like these. The problem is that many times they are not always answerable with perfect clarity or reason. Many things are secrets in the mind of God and therefore mysteries to us.
Samantha Morton/Sean Penn (Sweet and Lowdown)
Free-Range Kids are old-fashioned kids with sun on their faces, dirt on their pants and a story to tell instead of another trophy for showing up. They are confident, happy and ready to take on the world.
So after settling back in, we got a summons from Tyro the dwarf merchant wanted to see us about a job that he needed done. All hush-hush and such. So me and the boy went back to the group, picked them up and headed off to talk to a dwarf. I’m starting to get annoyed by dwarves.
All this for a fiver! You'd be mad to miss it!!!
3 autonym
George’s Spiritual Timeline:
Here is the Good News. We have a new Design Team and they are all waiting anxiously to get started. I will be posting their photos very soon but id you would like to go on over to their Blogs to welcome them here is the list:
I cannot fathom the details that God has promised await us when we return to His arms but I can earnestly say that knowing my Piper will be there and will immediately say "C'mon! C'mon mommy!" does nothing but bring me hope. Hope for tomorrow.
What I like: ‘When I think of Gift Catalogues, I think of TEAR – it is the original gift catalogue, at least the first before everyone else got on board with this great idea. There’s a great range of items which cover a wide variety of issues. I like that you can do an e-card or even print your own; a great option to reduce costs for TEAR and distribute funds to where it’s needed.
At this point, Hubbie, called from the Garage “what is taking so dang long, everyone is in the car.”…
You are no angel and I’m no saint
So, what has been going on with me? I started working again as of August 2011 and it makes me really happy. I'm working 16hrs a week and my Mum is taking care of E and M. So far it's working out just great. The girls enjoy spending time with Grandma and I think, my Mum enjoys it too.
feeling that my body was shutting down.
Reeve’s back stiffened at her words and his head snapped to look at her.
How do you deal with insomnia yourself, or with your kids? Please share!
Then also in Mark 3:31-34. “A crowd was sitting around him…Then he looked at those seated in a circle around him…”
the raw and uneven strike-outs in both the tagline and the title text, the lights and darks in the background, the fact that she's gripping her dress so you can't see her hands, and even (and i'd say especially) the very dress she's wearing are all so, so critical to the story and i'm unbelievably grateful to both Harper, for working so tirelessly to make this right, and to our incredible photographer, Aurora Crowley, whose light-painting techniques are UNREAL in their beauty.
And God said, I will create for them a companion who will be with them and who will see them as they are. The companion will remind them of Cat1their limitations, so they will know that they are not always worthy of adoration.’
Her new image was intended to up the ante post-‘Grease,’ where she surprised Danny and everyone else watching the finale by donning a pair of black pants that were so tight she had to be sewn into them. They decided on the look after several attempts to reimagine Sandy’s character – when the crew didn’t recognize her right away they knew this was the one. “It was very funny,” she says. “They were trying all of these different hairstyles and ‘looks’ and when we came up with what was eventually ‘Sandy 2’ as I call her, I walked on set and no one knew it was me. It was very fun!”
An Unspeakable Crime: The Prosecution and Persecution of Leo Frank by Elaine Marie Alphin
The ingredients for the standard Campbell Soup Vegetable Soup have not varied much since its original production in1899. Nor surprisingly, carrots, potatoes, corn, onion, and garlic still dominate the recipe. A gradual lowering of the sodium content has been one nod to the push for a healthier life style. None of the ingredients for this soup come from abroad - a true “Made in America” product. Carrots from California, Texas and Ohio, potatoes from Colorado, Texas and Kansas and onions from Idaho are examples of the nation wide scope needed to maintain the raw ingredients.
lakes, streams, and countryside, not to mention the sparse traffic,
Mario Kart DS for DS - Mario Kart DS Nintendo DS - Mario Kart DS DS Game
"Meanwhile, the people were waiting for Zechariah and wondering why he stayed so long in the temple. When he came out, he could not speak to them. They realized he had seen a vision in the temple, for he kept making signs to them but remained unable to speak. When his time of service was completed, he returned home. After this his wife Elizabeth became pregnant and for five months remained in seclusion. "The Lord has done this for me," she said. "In these days he has shown his favor and taken away my disgrace among the people.""
Timothy John Coughlin, 42, New York, N.Y.
What better way to express the best strategy for adapting to a new environment than that old gem of a proverb, "When in Rome, do as the Romans do"? So, I did. For the second meal that I cooked in my new Philippine kitchen, I made pesto. (The first meal involved lamb chops, a borrowed stock pot and the aforementioned smoke alarm. Let's just leave it at that.)
So basically the government has put a lot of money to stabilize prices -but at the same time transfers generous sums back to the privileged few- and to recruit many more civil servants – that might not be needed or do not have what it takes- the result is indeed a stimulus package, and it might as well be working by providing the boost for GDP growth, but it will not last long, and the benefits of such an overkill are not that obvious.
To Do List this week:
beautiful..
"Indeed, I think that people want peace so much that one of these days governments had better get out of their way and let them have it."
Request No. 7
There are many things to consider with the art of supplementation, and a good place to start is with your doctor and blood tests. Every year I get the annual run-of-the-mill blood test for basics, and I also get a micronutrient test that my naturopathic doctor orders. We take these results into consideration, along with many other things. I’ll vary what I take based on my goal for longevity, the physical activity of my life, as well as whether I’m pregnant, breast-feeding, trying to conceive (fertility), stressed, ill, looking for more energy, cleansing, detoxing, hormonal and/or traveling (considerations: ease of packing, where I’m traveling and for how long). I also split up my supplements and take them in two or three batches throughout the day. Some are taken with food; some are taken on an empty stomach.
They say luck; but I say blessing
Will-power can achieve a great deal, so I mentally command the iron to work. It stubbornly refuses.
Gene M. Tucker
Two rounds later, the Giants picked up another offensive tackle. He is described as extremely lean and tall with much room to bulk up. The Giants have many options with the offensive line. They plan on starting Will Beatty at left tackle, but still need to find places for Mosley, McCants, James Brewer, and Sean Locklear. This is Beatty’s last season of his contract so this could be why the Giants picked these younger kids up. “Really a pleasant surprise when you watch him,” Reese said. “He is intriguing. Long, 36-inch arms. He is 315 now and I think he will be 325 pounds in a blink. Very interesting prospect for us. I think in a year or so he can make some headway and start challenging for a spot in our starting lineup. I think he is going to be that kind of player for us.”
If you need several gifts, it is easy to purchase one potted herb garden and then divvy it up into smaller containers. Separate tags may be printed up and punched out to label the herbs. Children LOVE.LOVE.LOVE helping with this.
The daftest thing happened - and I do fully well understand now how John and Graham get so fed up with blogger sometimes. A bit more than a week ago, for the first time ever since I started blogging, I wrote something that I did not have the time for finishing there and then, and therefore left it as a draft.
"And the places she turns up in Jamaica are all the more curious. I remember being at sound-system dances and hearing everyone from Bob Marley to Kenny Rogers (yes, Kenny Rogers) to Sade to Yellowman to Beenie Man being blasted at top volume while the crowd danced and drank up a storm. But once the selector (DJ in American parlance) began to play a Céline Dion song, the crowd went buck wild and some people started firing shots in the air. . . . I also remember always hearing Céline Dion blasting at high volume whenever I passed through volatile and dangerous neighborhoods, so much that it became a cue to me to walk, run or drive faster if I was ever in a neighborhood I didn’t know and heard Céline Dion mawking over the airwaves.
c. E-entrepreneurs
Overall, I found the story to be within the coming of age type, because she delt with a lot that teens go through today. Whether it be drugs, sex, or suicide, she got through it all, and set some good examples. And as I read on, and got to know the characters more, the more I got into the story, so it's not like you're going to be confused while reading it.
Shame is a dirty word. I’ve decided to take it back.
2) That the charity Searchlight Educational Trust (SET) is neither legally constituted as a Trust, nor does it act as one. The use by SET of the term ‘Trust’ is therefore fundamentally misleading.
Another inspiration came from my cousin.. we talked about movies almost every night, sharing opinions with each other and we mostly do agree with each other.. I do really enjoyed it so i hope i could pass the entertainment to you guys as well.
I walked by a house where a neighbor is growing heather, what a beautiful thing. I don't know about you, but I'm having quite a green and purple-pink experience lately.
Then break it apart into bite-sized pieces with your hands, into any serving dish you like, and pour the dressing over. Toss. *Excellent* replacement for potato chips.
9. Skin eruptions: Rashes, bumps, acne, hives, and shingles. Anger produces outbreaks around the mouth and chin. I had a dermatitis on my extremities for several months that accompanied healing an episode from my past. When I had worked through most of the issue, the condition was released.
Ronald Freaking Reagan - He ain't around to save the country's butt this time +2 pts
A nurse had arranged your long blonde hair on the pillow in a way that suggested it had flowed and moved into that position like it was a living thing. Your eyes were shut and your mouth ever so slightly parted open.
I've been in a FUNKY mood since we got back. I guess it was just flaming re-entry back into real life (mail including bills! laundry! the grocery store! twice!) after spending so many days with no schedules and no real "duties". I will say that I was way happy to see The Geej. Of course she'd grown 7 feet in the 6 days since I'd seen her. Like a weed, that one.
* University of Chicago (USA)
Old ones and new
I haven’t found them to be necessary but then again we use our eggs fairly quickly after they’ve been washed. The sooner you use your eggs, the lower the risk of any kind of contamination. I understand though, that some people might not be as comfortable with germs and bacteria as I am (ex-clinical microbiologist) and so I have been looking for some kind of cleaner to recommend to people that is both effective at cleaning while still being safe for use (I’ll go on the record as saying, I’d never put bleach on any of my eggs.)
2. We need discipleship.
SET ASIDE for 5 minutes
This presents problems for naïve people who are not familiar with Islam and the Koran. They don’t know that the surahs/chapters of the Koran are not arranged in chorological order in regard to the timing in which they were written. Therefore, an activist who is out to deceive them can turn to various places throughout the Koran and read verses that sound peaceful, tolerant, reasonable and loving. The impression is that the entire Koran promotes peace, love, equality and tolerance for all. That is far from the truth. Most muslims fully understand that the few Koranic verses that seemingly promote equality, peace and justice are more often than not overridden/nullified by later verses that validate such things as terrorism and legalistic restrictions on routine human and women’s rights.
He earned a mention in this column because of one of the legends/miracles attributed to him, "The Legend of the Beer Mug." The story goes that on an extremely hot day in July 642, after Arnold died at the Abbey of Remiremont where he moved after his retirement, the parishioners from Metz showed up to claim his remains.
Deep Black Episode 1
6 oz chocolate chips (I always use milk chocolate, use your favorite)
School/work/life/blahblahblahboring.
George Galloway: An Analysis
This year has by far out done any year before this, more customers, more vendors, more great junk and a collection of some of the most creative people from around the country!
On being asked whether there would be a challenge to Najib’s leadership should he fail to secure a thumping victory in the 13th General Election, Tan Sri Abdullah Ahmad opined that if a challenge is mounted against Najib, it would be from the second echelon leaders and not from his deputy, Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin. He then made this telling observation:
Going on twenty years now, Mr. Right was out of the country for 10 months. I happened upon a cute Christmas card that I bought and popped in the mail to him. On the cover of the card, there was pictured a snowman with blocks of black cubes falling from the sky. Inside the card, it read “Lead it Snow, Lead it Snow“. Thus began our fascination and obsession with pun cards. Not only for holidays, but we search them out for birthdays and anniversaries (yes, I already have my anniversary card safely tucked away for this year and it is a doozie), it is frightening how many we have found, bought, given……..even the kids have joined in and tried to give them to us. It has turned so weird it is almost better than finding the perfect gift. To find the elusive PUN card. Some of us have even written inside the card “found one, ha”. Such a sweet discovery. When you are at the card shop looking for a card for a soldier or a happy housewarming card and you literally stumble upon the pun. One I remember Mr. Right gave me……..outside of card a picture of a teeny tiny lawnmower……………inside of card…………”I Love you a little mower each year“. Sweet.
Adults and teens need booster shots so they don’t give pertussis to the babies in their lives, said CDC spokeswoman Alison Patti.
It has long been a dream of mine to make my own leather baby shoes. They're much better for little ones learning to walk, and they're just so adorable! I've tried the fabric kind, and while I like them, they just don't have the same look. And since store-bought versions can easily cost $18-30 a pair (and up!), purchasing them seemed less than feasible.
From here, making quesadillas would be cake. I put the lid back on the chicken and heated a smaller pan that would be used to assemble the quesadillas. If I had bigger tortillas to work with, I would have been able to use the quesadilla maker, but I prefer making them in the pan anyway.
Catastrophe losses in the U.S. personal-lines segment improved slightly to $116 million compared to $121 million during 2011’s first quarter.
We are also eye-balling some local schooling shows! Ever since Jen came out to my barn the weekend before last and helped me start riding Granite like the hunter that he is and not the dressage horse I was trying to ask him to be (weird...), he has been such a champ. We think he may be ready to go to a show and see how he takes it all in. If he's good, we'll hack him out in some classes. We are eyeing THIS little schooling show series. I'm hoping I can go watch the one next weekend and then maybe we can coordinate to take the big man to the one in June (coordinating is ALWAYS fun since I don't have a truck or trailer, Granite doesn't fit in our barn owners', my trainer doesn't haul, and my two friends with rigs live 40min west of us). I don't want to get my hopes up... but they kind of are.
recently, i had a random thought that coffee cake with bananas would be THE most perfect thing that day. so i scoured a few places to find a little assistance, and LO i have created a glorious coffee cake WITH bananas (the crowd wildly cheers).
"I and my cousins against the world, I and my brothers against my cousins, I against my brothers."
Put in blender along with:
Actually, I'm feeling a bit better about Dell Tech Support today. My call was answered promptly, and there wasn't much of a wait to reach a technician initially. All three of the guys who assisted me were professional & patient ... much like I remember Dell Tech Support being years ago, so perhaps they've made support a priority again? I certainly hope so and if this resolves my crash issues, I'll be a happier blogger again.
3. The project I keep putting off is writing a book. Why? Because other things keep crowding it out. Things like moving, followed by heart surgery, moving again (see above), unpacking boxes. But I have my notes, my ideas, my outlines — and I've written pages and pages of my book. Unfortunately, those notes were in my laptop that was stolen. I do have the notes I printed out and saved in half a dozen notebooks, but not the notes that were in my flash drive, which went through the wash in the pocket of my jeans (yes, that did rather wash away its contents). I'll revise as I type out what I had before. Maybe what I write now will be even better.
—Clever Beatrice, retold by Margaret Willey and illustrated by Heather Solomon—described as "a tall tale from Michigan's upper peninsula," this story has roots in European folklore, e.g., "The Valiant Tailor." Clever Beatrice repeatedly worries and tricks a rich giant to win gold for her mother.
An Irishman is never drunk as long as he can hold onto one blade of grass to keep from falling off the earth. ~Irish Saying
Tom Stoppard(1937) wrote serious entertainments. Rozencratz and Gilderstern are Dead(1966), showed his affinities with Samuel Beckett and the Absurdists. The play develops these two minor figures from Hamlet - “little men, unheroic, little men astray”. They are backstage, in the wings and are never sure what Hamlet is about. Occasionally, they are bundled onto the stage and take part in a little scene only to be bundled back behind the curtain, uncomprehending, puzzled about what is happening. It is a striking image of dislocated man: off-stage, minor characters in a play they can not understand.
Fortunately that was the easy part. Because the question was never where to get it. It was what time do they open.
Dower and Smith, both students, were said to be the least involved. Smith was given 160 hours' community service and Dower, who was at Newcastle University, 100 hours.
Like Dubai, Sharjah is one of the seven Emirates of the UAE. Dubai and Sharjah cities virtually merge together yet have different laws and acceptable norms. Sharjah has more extremes than Dubai, yet also has a nice feel to the city.
Opponents of wind turbines say the audible noise affects animals, lowers property values, causes suffering and is a serious risk to health. Several doctors have noted a marked increase in depression for some people living near wind farms. Medical journals recognize a wide range of symptoms associated with noise that affect health.
Those thoughts cycled through my head, but after talking with some friends, I decided the least I could do was go and get a guest pass. Most gyms offer a guest pass (that are free and good for 3 days to a week, depending) so potential customers can try out the gym before committing to a membership. I was nervous when I first walked in and was greeted by a friendly staffer named Askia. I inquired about a guest pass. I’m sure I wasn’t physically shaking out of fear, but it sure felt that way. One of the first things Askia asked was what I was looking for out of a gym, and what my goals were. I thought about it, and responded: “Well, I’m like to switch up my exercise routine, and hopefully, lose some weight.” It seemed like a good thing to say, even though I’m not entirely sure of its truth, given the way I was eating back then.
Every mother, especially, should keep a diary in which to note the successive phases of her child's physical, mental, and moral growth, with particular attention to the moral; so that parents may be enabled to make a timely forecast of their children's character; to foster in them every germ of good, and by prompt precautions to suppress, or at least restrain, what is bad." Vol 2 pg 105-106
This is a time when you can and must release all things from the past so that you can move forward in My will and purposes. Cut the ties that bind or keep you bound through disappointment and failure. Keep your focus on the eternal now, and stay ever present with Me, says the Lord. I am doing a mighty liberating work in your hearts and minds. You would do well to cooperate with this work and set your sights on freedom.
“I hope the President’s speech tonight will emphasize the degree of our commitment in Afghanistan, rather than the plans for withdrawal. I would urge the President to return from this visit and spend more time speaking directly with the American people about the vital national security interests at stake in Afghanistan and the need for the United States to remain strongly engaged there in the years ahead.”
6yo: Know who I love best? You, Mommy ... And Gaga (Grandma) ...
This is our "shoe corner". It's barely even a corner and resides in the main traffic area of our kitchen/family room. You can see that i made an attempt with a cute market tote but alas...the shoes end up spilling over onto the floor. The other day I was at Walmart and spotted this. A basic over-the-door shoe rack {it's cheaper in the store than online}. Why didn't i think of this before? Brilliant! Now our shoes are nicely organized and hidden away in the coat closet. I love this solution because it doesn't take up floor space, the shoes are easily accessible - no more digging through the market tote looking for a lost shoe, they are hidden away from sight, and Lucy and Eloise can easily reach their shoes on the bottom four rows. When Eloise walked in the door from school the other day she yelled, "What happened to the shoe corner?" I was happy to tell her it is no more!
I don't see them crying out against anyone else convicted in the DOG FIGHTING GAMBLING RING that Michael Vick and Bad News Kennels fought with. It was a Ring and Mike Vick was NOT the head or the organizer of the GAMBLING DOG FIGHTING RING! He was just the Famous Dummy that was involved.
Taslin arched her eyebrow. "It doesn't seem to be working."
Galatians 5:13… “For you were called to freedom, brethren; only do not turn your freedom into an opportunity for the flesh, but through love serve one another” (NASB).
Nov 15 – The MACC hand over investigations into the alleged multi-million ringgit purchase of a luxury condominium in Bangsar by the NFCorp to the police.
Some of you know I was in a band called Fight From Above from my USC days through the beginning of my ad career. I eventually left the band to pursue being a full time “mad man” and put more time into this writing project you are reading. The kept on killing it, but sometime a year later, the band disbanded and everyone went on to do some really great things. We had experienced a lot of joy from touring, playing the venues in LA I grew up going to, sharing the stage with some great acts (Young the Giant a few times was pretty cool, to name drop one of my favorites) and hearing ourselves on KROQ, which if you grew up in SoCal was a huge thrill. Hell, we even made it on the Hills before it died. Mad cred with our sorority friends.
Halsteadarian Feature got cancelled, crowd funding didn’t work, so rewrote it as a web series, but life got in the way of my actors, so its back in development hell.
As mentioned before, there will be a featured sketch each month. One layout uploaded on to the gallery using the featured sketch will be chosen and will be published in an upcoming Designs By Ashley Rock Sketches Book! So not only do you get the benefits of easy scrapping but also the opportunity to have your work published! Sounds like fun, huh?
Sugar - 1 cup
When does this government tell the truth?
know how it goes. One day the grass is brown and
Walsworth and Peterson were not available for comment on March 20 after the hearing.
REPORTER: Front page?
poverty
3) Make revisions to my non-fiction project based on feedback and my own editing of it. - The person who is planning to look at the first draft of the main portion of this project is intending to get to reviewing it in the next few days. Once I get that feedback, I'll see about trying to move forward with it.
In the days that follow, Hannah struggles with unspeakable feelings of sorrow and rage—feelings that fuse into one chilling purpose for living: revenge against Brian Wesley, the drunk driver who has caused all her pain.
3) Having my morning ration of Cheerios every day.
_____I suppose one day I'll fall in love again, but I'm just too emotionally stable for that right now. (funny love quote)
My buddy Peri came by with Salvatore. A nice break for moral support. Salvatore has decided which part of the boat is gonna fish from! Leaving, Peri took my first pictures on Zoot Allures!
The local human rights group has accused Putrajya of failing to address the serious allegations of multimillion ringgit kickbacks involving high-ranking government officials, suggesting a deliberate suppression of information to keep the issue under wraps.
Joe is a regular visitor to the blog checking in to see what beers I have tried and trying to find a few that I haven't to have stocked when I visit. One of our yearly traditions is the day after Thanksgiving. While most are out shopping for Black Friday deals, Joe and I sit at the bar and enjoy ourselves a long day of football and early season college hoops.
“Look at the hair!” Dee was right, so much dark hair!
Things not to do for April Fool's jokes. They may seem funny to YOU at the time, but they may get you killed:
Abby's Mom
Sorry I couldn't have made it easier.
I have chest pain every day, nearly constantly but nowhere near as severe as Friday. Today seems to be the worst since I was released from the hospital. I’m also very tired much of the time. Other than that I’m feeling pretty good. I had a moment of panic on Monday morning when the news really sank in that there’s a good chance I have cancer. Otherwise I’ve been pretty confident.
A guest post hits right on point - something that I’ve been struggling to express and am humbled by the elegant and logical manner in which it is explained why Elvis continues to not be considered an artist.
Whatever the reason - grab your very own "Round Tuit" button (see sidebar), and link up.
Our virtual hike has reached Magdala on the western shore of the Sea of Galilee. Magdala was a prosperous fishing town of 30,000 to 40,000 during Jesus’ day. Jesus would have visited it many times on trips between Nazareth and Capernaum.
The winner, drawn by random.org, is
I haven't even talked about history. Which is probably a good thing. One thing on my bucket list is to learn some more history. Not that it is always an exact science but it does bring some context. George Washington chopped down the cherry tree, right? History changes....which used to bug the crap out of me as a kid. Teachers would get their panties in a bunch as if history was like the multiplication tables, immutable and unchangeable.
Elvis has left the toilet.
big splash of balsamic vinegar
I'd scrap this entire query and start over with the query template I've described in several other places, but bears repeating:
Am I alone in believing that the concept of a "with profits" (a somewhat ironic name under the circumstances) fund is that the "profits/losses" are smoothed over the period of the policy in order to minimise wild fluctuations in returns?
Polite little English girls, Swiss boy's with funny skis,
According to BlogHer.com, Keeslar was arrested in the early morning of Saturday, March 31, for no specific reason other than that authorities had found out about her practice and decided to pursue her. Keeslar’s many years of experience as an obstetrics nurse are technically not enough to satisfy the legal requirements of Indiana for midwifery, even though she had never reportedly had any issues with deliveries — to the contrary, her services were in high demand all across rural, northeastern Indiana, where home births are common and growing in popularity.
Immediate reaction # 10. Aha, it had to be a classic FBI entrapment case!
The USPTO anticipates that it will be some time before the litigation concerning the Claims and Continuations Final Rule is finally resolved. The USPTO is concerned that some applicants may be taking preparatory action anticipating the new requirements of 37 CFR 1.78(f)(1) and (2), as added by the Claims and Continuations Final Rule, due to the possibility that the injunction by the district court in Tafas will be removed. The purpose of this notice is to aid applicants who might otherwise feel the need to take such preparatory actions by identifying the applicability date of the provisions of 37 CFR 1.78(f) in the event that the injunction by the district court in Tafas is removed.
1023 ***D-IX/15/1988. “The Northwest Ordinance, Natural Right, and the Common Law.” Manesseh Cutler Lecture, Bicentenary of the First Court Session in the Northwest Territory. Washington County Courthouse, Marietta, Ohio. (Incorporated in Item B-10, above, pp. 69-79, 283-84 (1999).)
I think that’s about it for now. I just wanted to get a couple of those written down.
All at the same time.
4. Actually this week I relearned to listen to whatever music I wanted to hear. Oh, life is good.
Then people sang “Let There Be Peace on Earth” and “God Bless America.” People then had the opportunity to enjoy fellowship over dessert.
Add to the poor performances on the field countless rumours about affairs off the field, and our chances of regaining a rapport with the squad look more desperate than ever.
Whilst 37.5 is normal for most, my reduced immune system makes this a trigger point temperature whereby precautionary measures are taken to ensure I don't go critical through infection.
And most of all, thanks to you both for your friendship, for all the amazing meals we’ve shared inside and outside your restaurant–meals that awakened a lifelong sense of culinary adventure–and for the warm community you created at Mirror, one that will not fade, even as the original meeting place gives way to something new.
Screen Format: 16:9 (1.85:1)
Bill is so proud of you or he couldn't say all the nice things he said at the Sheraton. You can tell by the kids they are in a loving home. It meant so much to Edna that day when Zachary said, 'I love you.' She comments about that often.
And it just got more mysterious.
Get pumped in your own livingroom. 2nd position most bizarre record of 2012.
Sunday, 12 February: Reinetha Venter (59) and her daughter René (27) were attacked on their farm approximately 30 km outside Modjadjiskloof. Reinetha was stabbed at least ten times in her hands with a knife before she and her daughter were tied up.
Martini? 'Petra offered. Oh sorry, I forgot. 'Petra snapped her fingers again and a bottle of Moët appeared along with two Champagne flutes. I must have inherited my taste of Champagne from you dear Auntie. They clinked their crystal glasses and took a sip. We don't have that long, but I thought I'd come and pay my final respects in person, 'Petra said smiling.
Lastly, we have another Bond girl, but one whose sharp wit redefined the concept. Green is most successful playing damaged, dangerous characters, yet who could resist those classic, Bettie Paige-style looks?
1. A combination motor and transmission device comprising
"Well if it makes you feel any better I havent seen my son in 4 years."
Based on the story of Jimmie Governor, this is a tale of displacement in one’s own land, of persecution, of unclear identity, shame and more. Written from an aboriginal point of view (which in itself is controversial – an Anglo-Saxon writing as an aboriginal?) it covers a lot of territory in its small frame (my edition is 178 pages).
Her challenge is to create a card or project that uses something real or natural on it - twine - burlap - shell - sand - etc. And our sponsor this week is Our Daily Bread Designs! You can fine Miesje's devotional and see the creations from the members of our design team . . . welcoming SIX new design team sisters this week . . . on the home page right here. And we just want to say also that all of our design team sisters from the past are still our sisters in Christ and we don't forget them, we miss them and love having served alongside them. All together forever in heaven one day, hurray!!
I can't help but think how very lucky I am.
Both me and Omri’s Dad areterriblewith food. We are both overweight and can pack away crap food with ease.
4-What is your opinion about Victor bringing his whole family to live in exile? Why did they stay with him?
That’s right… mustard is absolutely one of the healthiest condiments! First, it has no added sugar. Also, mustard seed itself is a source of powerful antioxidants. In addition to the antioxidants in the mustard seed, most yellow mustards also contain turmeric, a wonderful super antiinflammatory and powerful antioxidants herb. So go for the mustard!
I am so excited for her, but at the same time a little sad that she is going to be living on her own, and not be able to see her every single day :(
in the hope that it will eventually thicken up.
Anwaar: I am staying. I am going with them so that I can speak to the king.
One day when I was in high school I started doodling and suddenly I had created something like this. At one time I designed a back tattoo piece that would run from the back of my neck to my tail bone which had meaning to me, every line and stroke was an emotion, a part of the journey. I put it in a safe place and never saw it again. Once I realised I couldn’t find it, or more that it may have been removed from my room, I quit doodling. I think I quit writing around the same time. I started drawing again only recently. It probably doesn’t mean much to anyone but, you know, it’s a thing I do.
I also finished off the 3D cottage, yay! That was a real pig to stitch together, the stitched pieces are wrapped around plastic canvas to make them rigid and I now have a hole in my finger end off pushing the needle through the plastic too many times! However it does look good and I'm happy with it as well as happy to be finally finished! So a ta-da moment.......
scant 1 cup pumpkin puree
The film is also a marvelous companion to the book - they both really enrich each other. And experiencing either is like breathing in purified rural gold. People, get thee to this film - or rather, get thee to preserving this rich work! We can't let gems like these disappear. Ahh, Angleterre. Where's good ol' William Blake when ya need him?
I haven't really enjoyed my Birthday in years... Since I was 13 or so, Birthdays reminded me of all the things I hadn't done in that year (all the things I thought would be good to do at X age, that never happened). A time to feel sad about all the things in my life that weren't the way I wanted them to be. Isn't that a horrible way of looking at things?
Carl Rydquist not only took first place in Street RWD with a 1:56.591, but he also managed to shave off an additional 4+ seconds (1:52.487) by switching tires and running in the Limited RWD class in the Berk Technology BMW 135i.
Hot.
And none of this would have happened if I didn't live in the frozen tundra because my son would've been walking home. And, of course, none of this would've happened at all if I hadn't just been bragging about the fact that I'd never been in an accident. Damn that Murphy and his stupid law!
I saw in your eyes
"We'd like two shots of tequila please."
“Both propeller blades came off – the whole thing just destroyed itself. It just completely self-destructed.
So, Avon and Somerset Constabulary have been displaying on their website the cost to them of FOI. Only, it’s all a load of rubbish! The website contains some information as to how the figures have been calculated, but it transpires that the figures used were arrived at during an “informal meeting where no minutes were taken” resulting in there being no recorded information which can be disclosed under the Freedom of Information Act.
On the other hand, there is that coolness factor which overcomes the analog limitations. I arrived early to stake out a good table where I could work. Yeah, okay, so maybe it was the first table in the room, past which everyone else would have to pass. So I'm a childish exhibitionist with the Remington. What of it?
As I’ve mentioned before in previous postings, it is pointless that I provide all the details of the how, why, and what, as readers can investigate these matters in their own time and pace, and decide for themselves if this business is a scam, or not.
Thanks to WordPress’ excellent method of tracking your blog’s stats, I noticed that many of the people who read that blogged clicked the link of the picture to film Melancholia, that I rented through Amazon although it was still in theaters.
as they both bit into their homemade cake pops . . .
This is such a great idea! I am loving anchor charts, especially with all of the cute ideas on pinterest. My room is getting way too crowded with my charts and I am also running out of line space. I like the idea of taking a picture of your chart, then putting those pictures into a binder. Children can refer to this binder when in need of that specific strategy they are searching for!
the truth is i just really love making them on the weekend. and mother's day weekend wouldn't be right without them. i've shared a couple of recipes here before
After about 30 minutes we started shooting the photo of her crashing the bowling ball into the road and it was such a fun shot especially when I started requesting her to scream thinking of her as the HULK lol.
Sang-Hun works as a low-level gangster collecting money for his longtime loan shark friend. Sang-Hun seethes with rage due to his troubled childhood and abusive father. At any moment, Sang-Hun can lash out at relatives, friends & strangers with the only way he knows how to solve problems – savage violence. One day, Sang-Hun walks along a residential road and spits on the sidewalk. He unintentionally hits a brash young high school student named Yeon-Hee. When Yeon-Hee tells Sang-Hun to clean up his mess, he knocks her out with a punch to the face. Sang-Hun then sits across from her until she regains consciousness. He offers to buy the girl a beer and the beginnings of an unusual friendship occurs……
Davis made his remarks during a private lunch with former colleagues from Tate & Lyle at the Boot & Flogger wine bar in Southwark on Thursday.
So tell me, seasoned van people: Are we on the right track here? It's an adjustment to our thinking that we can't just go where we want to, when we want to, and we have to plan everything out. Our lives are definitely headed in that direction, and that's ok, but what happens when life gets in the way and you can't plan everything out - what do you do?
I thought it sounded silly at first. But I thought that about the Snuggie when it first came out, too, and I'll be damned if I'm not proudly sporting one right now.
Maria stumbled just a bit in the middle when they were dancing separately and it caused her to get off in the choreography just a bit. When they were hold, though, she was stunning and they were perfect. And I loved her dress! She looked like a flowy mirror ball!
Still, it will come as no surprise to regular readers of this blog that very little of this wealth of practical information receives much in the way of attention nowadays. Instead, the concept of wind power has been monopolized by a recently minted industry devoted to building, servicing, and promoting giant wind turbines that provide electricity to the grid. The giant turbines have their virtues, no question; compared to most other energy production technologies, certainly, they’re safe and clean, and their net energy yield is a respectable 8 or 9 to 1, which beats the stuffing out of most other alternative energy sources. Still, the idea that serried ranks of giant wind turbines will enable us all to keep on using energy at today’s extravagant rates runs headlong into at least two difficulties.
track listing for The Christmas Attic:
Watanabe raised his as well … with far less gusto.
What gets me is not that some old man has gone completely off his rocker. That's just a fact of life that happens sometimes. What grinds my gizzard is that there are so very many willing to blindly follow him on his journey to la la land. Even when he tells them that he's based this prediction on just a couple or three Bible verses. Really? Seriously? Even if you choose to use the Bible as your authority on this question, it's quite a simple matter to shoot down this guys delusions as complete BS. Starting with (but not exclusive to) 'No man knows the day or the hour, not even the angels, only God himself'. Easy, no math or contortions required. Seriously, don't these people ever read their own Book?
5) The rich are becoming filthy rich and the poor are becoming dirt poor and this is apparent within any single ethnic group. Racial unity is debased when social and economic justice have been ignored.
My girls love their new dress-up outfits from Vietnam, Ao Dai (pronounced Ao Yai in the south and Ao Zai in the north), the Vietnamese national costume.
I began to play I was a mighty hunter, stalking the wild animals and the Indians. I played I was fighting the Indians, until all woods seemed full of wild men, and then all at once I heard the birds twittering 'good night.'
The only thing I want this new novel to be is enjoyable and entertaining. I'll use the conversation from MIND THIEF when Howie and Vivian go on their first date to sum it up:
well, upon clicking over to her site, i instantly knew i would love what i saw if i browsed around. and i was right! i am very drawn to the look of her images. and i completely love the "double exposure" work she creates. i'm not sure if she is doing true double exposures with her camera or if it is just a superimposing of two photos with editing software the way i did. but either way, i love the results!
For those of you unfamiliar with “paleo” nutrition, I highly recommend doing some research on it. A great resource for this way of eating is The Paleo Solution, by Robb Wolf. Not only does Robb outline the benefits of paleo nutrition, he also provides a simple, easy-to-follow and easy-to-prepare 30-day meal plan — its doesn’t get much better than that!
We’re there to inform them of what their rights are, what the law is, engage discussion with them and ultimately learn from them. And they’re there to learn a bit about the law, tell us how the law actually is applied through their own experiences, and engage in discussion with us and each other. For me, one of the the most difficult but important parts of going there every Sunday is hearing the (pre-incarceration) experiences of the young men there and their thoughts on the law and how it is applied.
as beautiful as the sound of the mystery of yesteryear
As Huddersfield Town will visit the table topper Charlton Athletic on Monday night, Sheffield Wednesday can maintain the position in promotion equation.
The officer - identified in the piece only as 'Officer A' but subsequently named as Peter Black - does not specify which campaigns he infiltrated and undermined. The use of the plural is interesting and, given that the Lawrence campaign was by far the most prominent, it would be surprising if he had not targetted them.
The 2nd night we had a huge choucroute garnie dinner complete with Lauren's awesome sauerkraut, pork belly, sausages, hot dogs and pretzel rolls.
Undone by food again. I'm so easy. It was, however, nice to actually talk to somebody, nice to eat something I didn't cook (if you can call the salads and hummus and cottage cheese and fresh fruit I've been dining on lately "cooking"), nice to be in a place that's not my house.
Is it a coincidence that those low voter seats are pro-government while the high voter seats are pro-opposition? Is it a coincidence that the ruling party can win three or fours seats with the same number of voters that allows the opposition only one seat? This is called gerrymandering. It is of course legal. The question is, is it also moral? And do we decide whether it is democratic from the legal or moral viewpoint?
Aftrane and Plejaran ships have rescued and taken into custody Laher People survivors although several committed suicide before they could be questioned. The ones who did not self-terminate are injured and unconscious.
One moment I’d like to forget is… besides the fairy experience? The time I had to dress up as a jockey for Melbourne Cup Day…also thanks to M.S. But the most recent was last Saturday night. I really have to learn to say ‘No’.
The people at the casino looked desperate. Some looked like they were going through the motions, slouched in their seats, constantly pressing buttons or pulling the lever, watching their money float away. Some people were angry or anxious. I didn't see anyone laughing, but maybe i wasn't looking hard enough.
Today’s opponents have an appalling record against us. We beat them home and away this season and we have a better squad on paper.
He would go on to become England’s caretaker manager in between the end of the Ramsey era and beginning of the Revie debacle.
Laud the glorious Conception
Elk Grove, CA 94624
Check the posts on these forums and check out the forums themselves.
The eye-test poster (seen most clearly after Frank and Freddy run into Burt's office after hearing the first re-animated cadaver) in Burt's office actually reads "Burt is a slave driver and a cheap son of a bitch who's got you and me here" if you put the letters together.
My routine mammogram turned out not to be so routine. Something suspicious showed up. I had a few cysts that were aspirated and were not cancerous; however, the biopsy on another suspicious mass turned out to be Cancer. I though how can that be? I feel fine! Thank God I followed up with a mammogram in six months as was recommended and caught it early.
This doubled with the fact that I have no current work experience, any references or an actual resume (i would write one up if someone asked me to drop by with one) makes me feel super frusterated and pretty let down. I even tried the tactic of casually chatting with people for awhile about a relevant topic and then slipping in the “oh you wouldnt happen to be looking for anyone would you?”.
grow over the last decade has given me the chance to invest in
I should have known I was in trouble years ago when I bought a sweater and then discovered that my grandmother had the exact same one. My nana had a lovely classic style, but still. The woman was in her 80s when this happened. So I am trying to pay attention to magazine ads and the circulars that come in the paper. It's hard though because all of the models look like they are about 20 years old. I don't want to look like I think I am 20 years old. I guess I am trying for somewhere between 20 and 80, except that the average of that is 50 and I only just turned 40. It's a work in progress.
Perfect security requires a level of perfection that simply doesn’t exist, and in fact isn’t likely to ever exist. This is true for software as well as virtually all fields of human interest. Software development is an imperfect science, and all software has bugs. Some of them can be exploited to cause security breaches. That’s just a fact of life. But even if software could be made perfect, it wouldn’t solve the problem entirely. Most attacks involve, to one degree or another, some manipulation of human nature—this is usually referred to as social engineering. Raise the cost and difficulty of attacking security technology, and bad guys will respond by shifting their focus away from the technology and toward the human being at the console. It’s vital that you understand your role in maintaining solid security, or you could become the chink in your own systems’ armor.
Like this little shot in the grass yesterday evening, just as it was finally cooling off after a 90 degree day:
Use these links here to monitor severe weather:
1 15oz can pineapple tidbits drained
I have heard many say it is the faith of the person receiving the miracle that allows the miracle to manifest. This is not true it is the person speaking or ministering that the miracle comes through. Miracles are manifested out of the heart of the believer not the receiver.
Part of Cairo.
Elemental Technologies is the leading supplier of video solutions for multiscreen content delivery.
I am without any die cutting machines, and feel like I've lost an arm.
the card shape was made with a Go Kreate die, and I've used a spellbinders die for the around the main image too,
Writers: such services are not a good use of your money. Bookstores (or libraries, or newspapers, or book reviewers, or whatever demographic the service claims to access for you) do not pay attention to spam solicitations. The catalog (assuming it's actually mailed) or email (assuming it gets past the recipient's spam filter) will probably be trashed. At most it may be glanced at. The odds of anyone paying any attention to your book as a result of mass-mail-style promotions are vanishingly small.
Through out the weeks my Spanish began to grow more and more. Although the language barrier was strong, I always felt a presence of warmth in her family and that was by far the best part of staying in Peru. They brought me into their family and Peru has become a second home for me.
Nor shall the serpent molest me“
The program will start at 7 p.m. Wednesday, at the Ike Box, 299 Cottage St. NE, Salem. Information can be found at the website of Oregonians for Alternatives to the Death Penalty, oadp.org, or at (503) 990-7060.
With a handclasp and a bear hug to Hermel, and a nod and wave to everyone else, Hormel turned and headed off northward along the road though the undulating sea of white drift snow. The other members of the party turned and went south. They walked for a few hours until they came to the area of hills where the Prancing Unicorn Inn was located. After a while they stopped. From the other side of a hill they saw a plume of smoke rising into the sky.
Dinner: Chicken fingers BAD and fries super bad!!!! (2 fats at least and 3 starch and 1 protein)
No Shelf For You
Thank you for your kind comments and well wishes for Spotty on my last post.
After class, I headed out for my run — Week 3, Day 3.
Only $4,800. (Ugh)
And yet I’m not sold on it. My pores look the same as they always have and always will do. My skin looks no more even than it did before. I can’t pass judgement on wrinkles obviously... And then they go and whack in a fairly strong fragrance too. It’s a little bit reminiscent of cucumber but really quite noticeable. If you have dry skin, £57 for 30ml is in your budget and you don’t mind strong fragrances you might like this. If you’re expecting a miracle cure for enlarged pores I wouldn’t hold my breath.
When I was little, I owned a flat heavy brush. The kind grown ups use to paint walls.
Speaking of nightmares, I've had two consecutive dreams about zombies a few weeks ago. Both times I woke up disoriented and drenched in sweat. Now I'm not one who easily gets scared--in fact, I love to read horror books. I don't watch a lot of zombie movies, however, because (1) I don't watch a lot of TV/movies to begin with; and (2) I don't watch something that my kids can't watch (this is why books are great!) Anyway, I was surprised about the zombie dreams. Though come to think of it, prior to the nightmares, I dreamed about vampires. Not the sparkly kind. Just your ole regular blood-sucking pain-in-the-ass monsters.
For our holidays this year beloved and I decided we wanted peace, tranquillity, and stunning scenery. To this end we headed off to Wester Ross, where the Scottish highlands descend into the west coast. A stunning and craggy landscape, littered with Bens and Lochs.
Serve with pasta and lashings of cheese and black pepper!
So how should I presume?
The ice encrusted creek bank
By reaching up toward foreign skies.
i am loving my free sirius xm subscription (that is set to expire april 3rd - boo)! i keep finding all these great new/old songs that i just can't get enough of.
1. All prophecies concerning the kingdom are being fulfilled now by the church
49. See these arms? They are just dying to be wrapped around you! +
Make sure Lothian Crafts Online are linked in your post...if you don't mention us in your posting then your link will be removed.
I was left with the other tiny beetroot, which I juiced with an apple and an orange. Manage to yield 1 cup of juice which I shared with my dearest hubby - 3 gulps each. The taste of the beetroot was slightly bitter and it certainly over-powered the taste of the apple and orange. Weirdly, I would describe the taste of beetroot as the taste you would imagine when you smell some rain-soaked soil. I wouldn't be sure why would you smell the soil but basically, it has very earthy taste, thus not many people like beetroot BUT it is loaded with good nutrients and vitamins.
Their tips were pretty standard – exercising a lot to offset all the food they must taste. In fact that was a BIG one. They considered exercise to be a must. They suggested drinking plenty of water, eating a big, fresh salad every day, keeping healthy snacks handy when the urge (or opportunity) to have something fattening arises. All good recommendations.
Chittum carefully tries to equipose himself between mainstream conservatives and the nazis: e.g., he repeatedly denounces "racist affirmative action" and says that the war and breakup are likely, though not desirable. The mood he projects is one of grim fact-facing, as opposed to conservative evasion and racist apocalyptic fantasy. For this alone, the book is well worth reading: it is such a refreshing change from the usual mindless attitudinizing on racial issues. (It would be interesting to be in the audience of a panel discussion of this book including Fred Reed, Peter Brimelow, Dinesh D'Souza, and Thomas Sowell.)
We arrived at Ruth Eckerd in good time, found a convenient parking spot in Aisle ‘A’ and as we walked toward the Hall, Rita started a call to Marcia. In a very short time we discovered that the cell phone was completely discharged. “Not good!”, I thought as I returned the useless instrument to the glove-box in Rita’s car. I visualized us wandering around in circles trying to spot Marcia or hoping that she would sight us; but as we approached the main entrance there she was: Resplendent in a white outfit that somehow reminded me of an old magazine photo of Elvis Presley on stage.
4 garlic cloves, minced
Rule 1: Utterly Ridiculous Attire
Below is a copy of the application that you can print and fill out, to bring to your interview! Click on application to view full-screen.
Ok. So awhile back I had you write a date down in history (I don’t remember the date, and I can’t look it up because it’s on my computer and I only have the iPad). I said that it was a momentous occasion because you told me to calm down when it’s always the other way around.
This results in a single .asc file that contains both your public and private key stacked together in a single file.
But they did ask me if I was ready to be a Mom. At that time the words stung and shocked me. I didn't want think about it; I didn’t even want to consider it.
One tinkled onto the desk. It was the size of a pigeon’s egg.
"You can't be nervous."
So Roy Hodgson is to be England manager . The right choice of a case short term pragmatism triumphing over the long term needs of the national team?
Stereotyping characters is something many writers do without even thinking about it. Not all people of Asian descent are small of stature with eyes that tilt up at the corners. Some of them are quite tall and have eyes that tilt downward. People of African descent aren’t just “black” or of basketball player size. The colors run the entire spectrum from palest coffee to deepest ebony and some of them are actually a bit on the short side. And not all Germans are Nazi madmen or jolly rotund women toting pots of coffee and serving strudel.
( Color combo mint, coral + ivory )
"Remind me to shut off the gas and remove the plates in four minutes. In the meantime, let us look over this Z-ray machine."
5. Interfered with the judiciary in an attempt to use it as a
It is that final hurdle before coming home!
Review.
My parents weren’t entirely pacifist. My father [allegedly] started riots. My mother ran over a possum three times for eating her rose bushes — and I’m not sure that possum ate her rose bushes, I suspect she just likes getting violent. But still, as a child, I was not allowed to play with toys that looked like guns.
You know, it’s not hard to grasp how most negative recruiting gets presented. It’s not too tough to figure out how to go after Mark Richt’s hot seat (although I guess SOD owns that now). I get how to throw the sins of roster management in Nick Saban’s direction. Explaining how Paul Johnson’s offense would be the death of any high school quarterback’s NFL dreams would be a breeze.
The other guy said he had been through an audit and was overly cautious. I’ve probably been involved (as a CPA, CFO, or wherever) in about 30 or 40 audits. You’re best scenario is when you take all the deductions you are allowed. No more, no less. It makes you look really accurate; it gives them a level of comfort, and keeps them from wandering over into other places you might not want them and asking a gazillion questions.
NASA Warns of Warming Oceans
Knitting is going well, I think I am FINALLY going to be getting back to my knitting group this Friday. I haven't been there in FOREVER! I'm still working on my item for the Halloween vamp swap I'm doing on Ravelry, when I'm finished I will post a pic of it and everything I got for my partner. I hope she likes everything!
My friend and I went out to a sports bar this past Monday to watch Game 2 of the Capitals Rangers series. While we were there we were, of course, in our Caps gear and cheering loud for our team. By the third period a Rangers fan came in with some friends (Bruins fan and Flyers fan), saw us and sat down at the table next to us. The chirping began almost immediately.
* In the Shadow of the Fryolator is about a cook at a diner who is approached by a Cthulhuoid creature who wants to marry her. Seems she's descended from some other Lovecraftian beastie and is destined to marry this monster and reign with him over subjugated mankind, bwa-ha-ha-ha. This is the strongest entry in the book, though not great by any means. It does highlight something that bugged me about many of the news items -- this book is clearly set in a mythos universe. There are references to Miskatonic U. and various eldritch abominations -- but all those abominations are given fake Lovecraftian names, including the Cthulhuoid creature, H'telred (get it?) from Y'harneth, a great city in the "briny depths of the Esoteric Trench. If you're going to do the Mythos, do the Mythos. Call the guy Cthulhu of R'lyeh.
It's been a long morning already. Matthew fought me on going to preschool this morning. Normally, if he can justify to me his reasonings, I listen. However this morning after several failed attempts to convince me why he shouldn't go to school he says:
So on the way home from work yesterday, I was cruising along Indiana State Road 5, heading south. Just a couple of miles north of Wilmot, I noticed movement on the road ahead. Now, Indiana 5 is known as a deer infested highway. So, I slowed, and prepared myself.
Well, now, look at what I’ve writ.
If she hadn't been so clueless, she might have seen it coming. But really, who expects to get into a relaxing bathtub after a stressful day of shopping for tankinis and come out with scales and a tail?
This package also contains unique and amazing remixes from the very best producers of Rootstep, Digi-Dub, Reggae influced Dubstep and Future Bass. Pioneers like: RSD and Radikal Guru. Plus the next generation of Dub stars: Riddim Tuffa and Adam Prescott.
He said that that reading was IMPOSSIBLE, and that I would be in a hospital had it really been that high. He wondered what kind of blood pressure cuff they used because perhaps it was skewed because they were using a pediatric cuff...(??!!) He seemed annoyed and then stated, if I really thought it was that high, the only place to go would be the emergency room. He told me I ought to head there.
Deputy Chief of Staff for Army Intelligence (’97-’00)
Once we’d all absorbed our grades and comments, the course re-started with a round-up of some of the things we needed to be aware of collectively. These were pitfalls some or all of us had made, aspects to look out for and improve on etc.
Gets in the fucking way.
If sources are to be believed ,“The Dirty Dozen” got along like a house on fire with mad antics both on and off-screen.
Elisa
In the garden amongst the colorful, sweet-fragranced flowers.
In contrast, the Bee played favorites to Mr. Hudson by saying his negative was not signing a document—really? That’s the best they could come up with?
Refrigerate, covered, over night.
Melt butter over medium heat in the same saucepan you used to cook the noodles. Whisk in flour until it boils and thickens. Slowly whisk in evaporated milk, followed by one cup of water until mixture is thickened and bubbly. Then stir in beaten egg, salt, sharp cheddar, Parmesan, Romano, mustard powder and ground pepper, and stir until cheese is melted.
no flotsam
I love these plaques and wanted to share them with you. So to celebrate my 224th post, I am giving away house number 224. To enter, all you have to do is write about how you would use this fun decorative piece. I'll randomly select a winner and announce it next Wednesday, July 14, Bastille Day!
My poor trees. Will they survive? Most will refoliate, but defoliation stresses the tree. I’m concerned about two trees that were completely stripped. We haven’t seen any signs of new growth yet.
Kicking off with their awesome début, pressed on baby pink vinyl, we have the mighty "Birth".
I didn’t want to deter writers from self-expression by following the pack, and I was tired of seeing blogging as a JOB. Twitter, commenting, following, always the same. I was restless and dissatisfied and couldn’t find a place to settle in the writing world. I didn’t know anything about writing, so I began instead writing passionate articles about what I believed writing should be: free expression, no rules, exploration, ingenuity. Blogging by numbers didn’t go alongside that plan well, and I felt irritated and thrust into a rut that had nothing to do anymore with writing. Just following the pack. I was searching my soul — and what it came to was — I didn’t know anything about literature. And I couldn’t be a writer until I’d experienced it. So I shut down the old place, cut off Twitter, deleted everything and became Jillian (my real name) — reader. Explorer, book blogger, lit student, English tutor, person willing to admit she knows nothing.
Carson has been doing really well without the feeding tube. We thought we would pull the tube and see if we can get him to eat orally BEFORE doing the permanent G tube. His asthma seems to be under control for the first time since April/May. But this week he has been running high fevers and throwing up. I took him to the doctor and he probably has strep so he is on a Z pack for 5 days.
Good. Enough. Two words that possibly define my deepest goals in life: to know myself as good, as enough. But there are secrets and they are shameful. There is the young, so young me, the one I cannot truly think on without wanting to cry, wanting to hide, wanting to forget. The things I did to myself and to others that I struggle to frame. This girl, the one with a peaked mouth and dour cheeks, she is inside the frame of a boyfriend whose mother just died in her bed, a mother who had just revealed her most horrible and fundamental secret to me not months before, to me, a 17 year old girl who could barely hold breath on this planet long enough to stay alive, much less hold for her. Her centre did not hold. My severe and disabling depression after her death began as I lay in bed and tried to understand how my boyfriend could close his eyes and sleep 8 hours easily, after finding his mother in bed, dead, cigarette still burning next to her oxygen tank. I knew he was wounded. The depths of his wounds I could not know and would not have accepted had I known. I could not bear my pain, I could not bear his. I bore both for us for two years, until the nothingness in his bones metastasized into the final calling of his heart: he no longer loved me.
My Dad works in Argyll Street, just off Oxford Circus and, one morning, he finally relents to my constant pleas… Locally (this being the backwaters of Hampshire) no record shop I know of stocks this record I've been reading about so, please… please… take my money, all 32 shillings and 6 pence of it (that’s about £1.70 or so / $2.30) and bring home a copy of this album. Please.
It's a muggy Saturday here, and my sewing room is becoming a guest room for a couple days, so Friday Night Sew-In was my last chance at the machine for a few days!
There are many who hear the gospel of Jesus Christ and believe. They rightfully praise the Lord and rejoice in so great salvation. But that’s where it ends. Being saved by grace they have the mistaken idea that they can now live just as they have always done. Verbally they look for the blessed hope but in reality they continue to live according to the course of this world.
My heart’s been healed for a very long while now, and I’m happy to say that we keep in touch – from a distance – from time to time. I’m glad to see pictures of him smiling on Facebook. I will always think he’s a wonderful person and I’ll always wish happiness for him. I grew a lot in those three-plus years we spent together but I grew even more in learning to let him go.
Create new ethics of ethereal hyper-solids and use their relative positions and vibrations
Despite her incredible Mario'esque driving skills, Tracey couldn't get to my office fast enough. But she did arrive and riding together was great - I don't think I could have made that drive by myself, without freaking out. She broke every speed record there was and got us home in 18 minutes from the time she called my phone - normally it's at least a 30 minute commute!
6:50PM - Checked again and was now at 10!! My OB/GYN walked in the door as they were giving me this news and I was thrilled! I have never had my actual DR deliver my babies, so it was very nice to have him present for this one.
What would you tell someone who thought they weren’t “fit” enough to come to a barre n9ne class? The environment at barre n9ne® is completely non-judgemental. I have yet to meet anyone who felt like they were being judged when they walked through our doors. Everyone is so supportive of each other- not just our instructors but our clients too. Sometimes I just step back and listen to the conversations in the waiting room and it makes me so happy and proud. These women really care about each other and are always motivating one another. (I’m actually getting teary eyed writing this!) Seriously though, the only thing I can say is to come and try a class and I promise you will not feel judged at all. It just does not happen, I would never tolerate it.
9:00 AM ‘FMO’s Bring a Multitude of Products & Companies Assistance to the Agents’
We are left to wonder how long the New York Times will exist as we know it. Change has come to the paper and Rossi argues that this change has pumped new life into the publication and has certainly staved off its death knoll. But for how long?
If you are an artist and would like your music featured on this radio show broadcast, please email your track and information to weplaymusic@dejavufm.com
Stat-wise, it’s pretty slow, but has relatively high Sp Attack, which means when EV training for Sp Attack, expect to kill lots of Elgyem.
Becoming selfish.
Hubby: YOU don't take time for leisure activities.
Published by Flux, April 8, 2012
Each year Anna (and Abigail) are given one small gift that was bought in her homeland. Scott and I did buy a lot of things in China with this occasion in mind back in 2004 but he was able to sort of "restock" our Chinese New Year gifts when he went back to China for the CT Education trip last spring.
“But this is a great song,” I told him.
Vanguard – 3000 (lots of low cost funds)
The Williams F1 Team will be back on track tomorrow, Thursday 3 May, with Pastor Maldonado driving the FW34 for the final day of the test.
How often do I see my Fathers face
Good Morning!! Yaaah, I have yet another card to share!! I dug into my new supplies and used the Fabulous Florets stamp set from the Summer Mini. This beautiful stamp set also made the new Idea Book & Catalogue, which we were all very pleased to see.
tell her.... somebody isn't a mother.
13. The fact that it involves three Whedons and musical numbers makes it pretty much the most awesome thing to ever exist in this or any other universe.
I definately have the strangest pets ever. They all have a tendency to copy each other. It is pretty funny. I have no idea why they do this, but I do know that Boston thinks he is a dog and Patches thinks she is a cat and Americus mostly thinks she is a cat too!
Your 3 goddesses that would like to work with you at this time are Kali, Abundantia and Sige. Each brings a message that should guide you at this time. It is important for you to take quiet time and contemplate what is happening or bothering you at this time. Ensure that you are keeping your regular meditation practice as this brings you much grounding and clarity at this time of transformation. Be sure that you complete and release people, situations and relationships that don’t serve you at this time. Be honest with yourself and trust your hearts desire to manifest in your life. Keep focused and keep moving. There is an abundant supply of all things available to you and everyone and remember that there is enough for everyone. You have been going through some big challenges and once this time has been mastered you will indeed know how truly powerful you are.
He PROUDLY walks out with his daddy and jumps in the truck!!! after quite a while they return and Siah is WALKING EVER SO TALL and says "MOM, THATS IT NOW, IM A REAL DINUBA WRESTLER!!! I'M A WRESTLER JUST LIKE MY DADDY AND MY NINO!!! and mom I can do this so dont freak out okay, im a tough kid and I'm a Douglas PLUS MOM REMEMBER, "I CAN DO ALL THINGS THROUGH JESUS CHRIST WHO GIVES ME STRENGTH"
Quite pale, with a sort of delicate pear juice hue.
Brian Dennehy, playing the villain Sheriff Cobb, had just appeared as a kind alien in the film “Cocoon” prior to the release of Silverado.
US: I really love this cover. The finished copy has this colourful sheen to it, as well as a stunning cover image and text.
so i’ve taken to my knees. i guess i should take to them for something, right? so far i don’t see or feel the effects, other than some discomfort in my right knee, but i’m going to keep it up for a while and try my very best to regain faith in the higher power i spent a good two years talking to every day.
sweeping the world,
John Riley, a former magistrate in Spencer County, sees hemp as a potentially lucrative crop that could become a renewable fuel source. It would be a big transformation for a crop once known as a major source for rope.
This week we are being sponsored by. . . .
It's not always what you wear, but what you stand for that makes the difference! Being smart enough to turn your opponent's slams into a usable symbol is a real talent that some true politicians understand fully!
And then, as usual, I just made something up as I went along.
These are the pictures I have collect.
Remove sauce from heat and set aside.
Turn the oven on to its lowest setting.
10. The Vincent Black Shadow - Ghost Train Out
Green Guide for preparing Romania, authors prestigious collections of Michelin guides have wandered across the country for several months, visiting a number of places. Selection was rigorous, the areas defined according to nine criteria, including the first impression, reputation or popularity, accessibility and hospitality.
But, because it was so easy and North American-like in Finland, I had quite a bit less fuel to feed my bizarro blog fire. When things are 'normal', they often aren't too exciting to write about. But, there's a new country on the horizon. One that you probably don't know much about. And one that I think might be just the thing to kick start my writing back into action. Curious, aren't you?! Well, I'm going to make you sweat it out. (And if you already know, help me keep it a mini-secret, at least for now!)
“What do you mean?” Jack said.
tongue felt wooden and my accent flat. I was amazed at the difference
We all sat down together.
The Curse of Gremdon is dichotomy. The women are separate and not equal to the men. It's the an almost polar opposite of our society (I say almost, because of the recent rhetoric in politics), but easily understood, and detested. Life within the wall for this fantasy realm would be unbearable, both for the repression and the horrible treatment of the people who live there. It's also an excellent story, a captivating read that demanded my attention. I had to see if our lovers would survive, if the Elders would remain in control or if they would meet their much deserved ends. It's another recommended read for me. Fantasy lovers and paranormal romance lovers would find it most easy to devour. Five out of five fairy kisses for this reader.
I chose to just ignore it. The second time, Cameron was in the vicinity. He did not ignore it.
Another complication of this is called Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or (TTP). TTP causes clotting of blood within small blood vessels, anemia due to fragmentation of red blood cells, and shortage of platelets (thrombocytopenia) that results in easy bruising, neurologic abnormalities, impaired kidney function, and fever. The difference is that TTP usually has a fever where HUS does not.
"But while Obama took veiled shots at Clinton," Kreiger notes, "he named only McCain in addressing the crowd of cheering supporters who heard him speak Tuesday night in Wisconsin, the site of one of next Tuesday's primaries."
heart-driven, power
To start..I used water color paper, rubber stamped my image from sugarloafproducts.com. I used my heat tool to dry the ink, and then used my metallic water color paints on the image. I again used the heat tool to dry the paper and paint. I then splattered more water color paints over the dried image. Using scrapbook paper and corrugated kraft paper as a background, I used my Tim Holtz stapler to attach the stamped image to the background papers. To finish the card I then ran the papers thru my Xyron, and attached the piece to a folded teal cardstock. It's a shame that the scanned card doesn't show the pretty shimmer of the metallic paints.
7) Korra is______
And if you wish in longing gaze
"This just related to what happened to us in 2002 in China when... (we were) obliged to move the women's World Cup from China to the U.S. because it was a question of safety," he told reporters, adding South Africa was meeting its requirements.
but my favorite part is that you always take a second after the punch line to ponder it,
30. Marconi's First Transmission From Weston
Bear took her in to the vets, and now she's buried up on the hill at the edge of the blueberry bushes where the sun warms the grass every morning, next to her best pal Chumba.
And then ...
14 The Garden
In an 8-9" springform pan, arrange cookies flat, covering the bottom of the pan. Then spread a thin layer of chocolate espresso cream. Repeat the process until you have 5 layers, ending with cream on top.
What you will learn from this book
Our rough start only got worse. The directions I'd been given to pick her up were dodgy at best. My contact with the service had said Charleston, an easy transport, but it turned out to be Cross Lanes which made it a bit out of my way.
During the colder months I do bake Salmon, but we prefer Grilled Sockeye Salmon. Seafood is GREAT!
NEAR: Linda's is in the same shopping center as House of India and New York Deli. It is accessible from southbound Snowden River Parkway south of the Home Depot.
I received papers in the mail stating that I was to show up for my next visa appointment. But this time, I was to pay 340 Euro online beforehand and print out the receipt.
i.e sagging skin / flabby tummy
WHY do you people think 'obama' sealed all his Illinois state bar exam results and records of what he did while he was in Illinois???????????????Can you get some reality??????????
1-Arm Row (Stability Ball): 15 @ 10 lbs x2
PRETORIA. Former Minister of Health Manto Tshabalala-Msimang has denied reports that her new job as Minister in the Presidency will be limited to serving double vodka tonics to visiting heads of state and cooking African potato snacks for President Motlanthe. Her spokeswoman also denied that she had been asked to return the new liver she received while Health Minister.
Red pandas share little in terms of appearance with their monochromatic cousins, the great pandas.
1:30 p.m. Secretary Clinton meets with the International Security Advisory Board, at the Department of State.
on frozen tundras
So, late 2011, my good ol’ buddies of Gronibard offered me, with Nico / Bones Brigade records’ obvious agreement and official licensing rights, to re-release their 2002 recordings released on various stuff on a single “collection” 12”, the “Satanic Tuning Club Turbo!” LP. It has been released on January 2012 (TOX005) and the label was really born as a separate entity ot its own.
The Demilitarised Zone
“Today has been one really tough day! The stages have been lethal in parts making controlling the car very difficult and carrying good speed near impossible, but being able to keep going and not loose unnecessary time enabled us to open up a really good margin this morning. From then on it was all about making sure we didn’t give it all away. Today is what rallying is all about and I must say a huge well done to the organisers for seeing all stages run as planned and admire their bravery for doing so despite their somewhat ‘slick’ characteristics in paces; as we found out this morning! A big thanks to all at the 586 Sport Team, EvoParts.org, Racing Lines, Trade Aways, Pamaya.com and 710 Oil for their help and support and of course to Sam on a spot on job on the notes today – it was scary enough having the pedals and a steering wheel so I don’t know what he was going through!! I just hope we can find the budget to continue as we have started the year”
Oh crap.
Except what remains wherever he has been, a presence which lingers more as a hope of what he could achieve were he ever to go back. A small piece of him, invisible and uncared for, but there, always there.
This guy just below, Godzilla walking down a city street, eating somebody and stomping on a car? It is my personal winner: I have made a lot of possibilities in the last 2 months, but this one is the one I like most to submit to a fine art show and competition in Cooperstown today. I am headed there after I walk the pup, have the toast and finish a bunch of cat mugs and bowls....anyway, I LOVE this piece, I am proud of it, it hangs on the wall or sits on a table, and it is being submitted to the sculpture category (no pots allowed!). I hope that it gets accepted, then, heck, maybe even wins a prize like at the state fair! Hope springs eternal...
How do you travel alone with 6 kids at home? Does Joe take off work and stay home? Do you have help come in? Do you just toss the kids in the crawl space?
When I am rocking a baby, I usually turn on Flickr, it has no sound
I was amazed by how many runners I saw outside today. It was as if the whole of Paris woke up this morning and said, "Here we go, getting 2011 off to a good start with a nice run now that I'm over that HORRID HANGOVER!". I wish someone would start a website to track it. "Resolution Run 2011" or something, so we can see how many of them put on their running shoes, just to take them off again a week later. Anonymous results, bien sur.
Is it wrong that I'm gonna be having the time of my life
Waiting to remember what it was like before they were born, to remember what my hobbies are, to remember how to have a conversation that doesn’t involve potty-training techniques or immunizations or how to get them to clean their rooms.
There seem only two possible conclusions to reach based on such an action. First, that you were so sure the emails were squeaky-clean, a favourable opinion from Royal solicitors would be worth its weight in gold. But it is now obvious that the emails incriminated Newscorp deeply.
Mocality is a three-year-old startup owned by South African-based emerging market internet giant, Naspers — an US$18-billion company that has stakes in Facebook, Tencent and mail.ru — and many other emerging market internet properties dotted around the world.
The darts sat weirdly so I had to change their positioning and take them in, as well as take in the side seams, and finish the seams and the facings. The fit isn't perfect but I have made peace with it.
love makes us cuddle
Damien Hirst had a simelar concept with his butterfly piece, where you are in a room with butterfly cocoons stuck to the canvases where you watch them hatch and fly and feed and die, with the flying living butterflies all around you. Again I have been inside a an artwork. Of course there was loads of his other famous work there such as the shark, halfed cow and butterfly collages. The one that stirred me most was that of a white dove with spread out wings suspended for eternity. Where Damien saw hope in this piece, I found it rather unsettling and the dove seemed to blame me personally for it’s situation and seemed to say: ”Look at me, like all the others do. I am destined to be looked and marvelled at forever, without ever feeling the wind in my feathers again. Shame on you, humanity!”
I just wanted to pop in and wish you all HAPPY HOLIDAYS and a very very Happy 2012.
Nigeria has slipped back a place
He continues to surround me with His presence and love. I depend on His help in everything that I do and He has never failed me.
But the site that housed The Players lived on, going through several incarnations in the decades that followed. Beginning in 1953 it was Imperial Gardens, a huge Japanese restaurant with reflecting pools on the upper floors, popular with musicians and actors. Next, in 1989, it re-emerged as The Roxbury, a trendy and notorious nightclub where patrons included Tom Cruise, Prince and Eddie Murphy. In 1997 it changed hands again and became Miyagi, a restaurant/nightclub with 7 sushi bars, 5 regular bars, a Zen garden, a waterfall, a dance floor, pool tables and more. In April 2012, it opened as Pink Taco, part of a Mexican restaurant chain owned by 30-year-old Harry Morton, son of Hard Rock Cafe chain founder Peter Morton and grandson of Arnie Morton, founder of the Morton's restaurant chain.
-2.00/2 Kotex U products from the August IVC
Farley Junior School, Leeds!
MJ passed her driving test today (on her first try!) and is now a licensed driver. She and Chloe are out rattin' the streets.
I took
In love with the taupe/grey shade she used for the walls, the tiled floor, the artwork, the light! Love it all.
I plead guilty too. When I took my firstborn to one of her routine check-ups, another 11-month-old, also a girl, was in the waiting room with her mum. This other girl was crawling all over the place at breathtaking speed, and grabbing at anything and anyone in sight to lift herself up and try to walk, whereas my girl, who had rehearsed a few half-hearted attempts at rolling and dragging herself on her tummy a few months earlier and soon given up, was doing what she did best at the time, which was sitting there on the floor and enjoying the show. My eyes glued to the little acrobat and I became instantly unsettled. What was wrong with my baby? Why wasn’t she moving at this late age?
Oh, just for the record, I don't mind if you comment anonymously, not at all. It just makes it impossible to answer your questions.
Sam Clayton - congas, vocals
But that has not stopped the greedy ­extremist – who is ­currently serving a seven-year sentence – from receiving thousands of pounds of extra cash to pay for extensive works to fix the rotting ­foundations at the five-bedroom home in West London.
Two of a kind
Mardin
3 yards of a silverfish colored thin swimsuit material (Well it wasn’t described as such on the website. Why would they?)
However John James Preston "Big", would have married me years ago.
- "Freedom at 21", a track originally released via helium balloon as a part of a stunt for Record Store Day, was leaked onto the internet on April 14, 2012.
So even though that brought it down a notch, this is one of the better horror scripts I've read in a while. It's a little different. The characters are compelling. The writing is great. You just don't see all of those things in a horror script these days. For that, I commend these guys. A job well done!
Menma: You shouldn’t have reminded my mom of me…
Marathon will take you there!
Wish me luck this week, because my patients will need it.
#32 Fangbone! Third-Grade Barbarian by Michael Rex (Read 11/03/2012) Oh, well, this one is just a whole stack of silly fun. Imagine every over-the-top, fantasy barbarian stereotype transposed to a Grade 3 classroom and you’ll be in the right mode for this junior graphic novel. I recommend it just so you can enjoy Fangbone’s story of why the sun rises each morning (hint: it has nothing to do with the Earth’s rotation, but does involve a Cycloptopus’ eye).
Write about hate, she says. It's a strong emotion - one of the strongest, surely - so it must be there somewhere, in my story, in yours.
Asked if the teenager was aware that he would have to go back to his hard life if acquitted, Majavu said he was aware, but this would be dealt with it at the relevant time.
To Kafka was Kafka a metamorphosis of a dream
I am thankful for friends that understand me and are always there, even if we don’t talk as often as we used to.
The following August (2010) Miz Witherspoon, through the same trust associated with her Brentwood properties, quietly paid eccentric (and sort of frightening) actor Steven Seagal $6,900,000 for a 2.53 acre estate tucked down a long, gated driveway in a perfectly private hollow in the bucolic (and expensive) Mandeville Canyon area between Brentwood and Pacific Palisades. At the time of the sale, the equestrian-friendly property encompassed stables, swimming pool, flat lawns, a riding ring, and an existing Spanish-style casa built, as per the L.A. County Tax Man, in 1937 with 7 bedrooms and 9 bathrooms in 6,125 square feet (above).
by An Evil Nymph
I came to this hill post,
- Twisting or rolling follows, freeing the aromatic juices that you'll enjoy later!
They are both really good rules, with exactly the same level of play, and both supported by a healthy flow of supplements with either scenarios or force lists. So far the biggest difference is that BE: WaW uses the same basic mechanics for both infantry and vehicles, while DHC7B has a different way of dealing with it. However, the game’s design philosophy is clear about why, and might make up the (very little) extra complexity with better results when playing with infantry and tanks together.
So I was browsing into my ‘decoration tips’ file. Since I started blogging I filed a lot of inspirational images which are very helpful whenever I have to create my tablesetting or if I want to redecorate my home bringing in only a few little changes. As I was printing some of the images, I thought that maybe it wouldn’t be a bad idea to share them with you.
Total weight gain/loss: - 4 lbs
Paul did not have fear for he could well quote Psalm 118:6. “The Lord is on my side; I will not fear; what can man do unto me.” Do you share that kind faith? You can only be claiming Jesus Christ as your personal Saviour.
Easy and good. It's a keeper!
Also on my reading radar is Fifty Shades of Grey – the surprise e-book that made it to the top of the New York Times bestseller list. I really want to know why everyone is getting hot and bothered about this book. I don’t read erotica (or don’t admit to reading it), but when an obscure e-book makes it to the top of the New York Times bestseller list, it’s enough to make you stand up and take notice. The internet is abuzz with articles calling this a ‘word-of-mouth phenomenon’ and ‘mommy porn.’ Even my 65 year-old father asked if I had heard about this ‘Fifty Shades’ book and what was it about? (Cue awkward conversation.)
So why am I now having a problem with her flowery cataracts?
Happy Leap Year from Susan Marlowe CPA! I always get a little bit of a jolt from seeing 2/29 on my calendar. Anyway, here is some news from the world of Susan Marlowe:
Grandma lay down and I sat beside her. Debbie told me Grandma would probably try to get up, but not to let her because she might fall. A woman from hospice was there. Linda and Debbie sat with the woman at the dining room table, talking quietly and crying as I sat with Grandma.
08. You Gotta Move
2 speechless
The process of creating the trellis is so simple. In fact, my almost 4 year old did it with very little help from me and she had so much fun. Here is what you do. Take two wooden stakes (about 5+ feet tall and drive them into the ground far enough apart that you can plant all your peas in between them. Then take a piece of thin rope and tie it around one post. Next wrap the rope around the other post being sure to pull it pretty tight so it stays in place. Then weave the rope back and forth between the two posts making sure to wrap it around a different part of the post each time. You will create a spider web like trellis for your peas to grow up. Once you have finished weaving the rope back and forth, tie it off and get ready to plant you peas.
2010.09.16 Pakistan Khar 2 0 Islamic militants attack a home, killing two people inside, including a teen.
If you want to start running and you don't have some sort of MP3 Player, go buy one now. Music can be extremely motivating on a run. I change up my play list reguraly and always have a variety of songs on hand to keep me moving. It can also help to clear your head of anything that's distracting.
Greedy, naive fuckwits!
4). Yu Darvish, (age 25), has a record of 4-0 in his first year in the AL…in the majors for that matter. He has given up just 30 hits and 8 earned runs in 33.0 innings of work. That is good for a 2.18 ERA. What’s more, he averages over 6 innings a start, with 9 strikeouts a game, while walking only 4.6.
I'm chopping my hair off for charity... yes, you read that right, my long locks are going and will be replaced with a super short pixie crop!
Hello everyone, sorry for the late start to the week, I can't believe it's Tuesday already! The weekend flew by and Monday seemed to go right with it. Our engagement party on Saturday was amazing! We had so much fun and the weather stayed nice and sunny afterall. Thanks everyone for your well wishes! All the decorating and organizing food and drinks, etc. all came together and everything went smoothly. It's so interesting seeing all the different groups of people in your life come together to celebrate like that, you know? It was a great party though, and I promise to share more details once I have photos back, as well as our engagement photos in a few weeks.
Detox is about healing and cleansing. It’s about learning to listen to your body (as opposed to your treacherous brain!) and care for it as were it just a defenseless baby. And if you think about it, that’s pretty much the way it is. Our bodies are under constant attack. We feed them all sorts of junk, give them too little rest and virtually no physical exercise. Then we expose them to chemicals all day long from the washing powder in our clothes, to the deodorant under our arms, the food we eat and the air we breathe. Sure, we also have a body that is designed to deal with all of this, but maybe not to the extremes it has been pushed to these days.
Everyone’s work is different. But for me the journey develops not from pre-determined pieces, but from creating the puzzle as I go along. I don’t know what the finished pictures is supposed to look like. I discover it as I work.
_____I am just a guy standing in front of a girl and asking her to 'Move b***h get out the way'
Pollack-y pollenart on white Mazda pickup. Plus random tiny bug.
We are like Jacob in that we are not personally present during Christ's ministry. Yet, like Jacob, through our faith we can receive the same blessings. "...salvation is free." All men may come and receive salvation, if they desire it, if they accept it. It is a gift, but God does not force His gift on anyone.
I'd love it if you'd all take a look at it, not just to see the gifts available, but to let me know WHAT you all want to see. Think I need more magnets? Should I have different products for sale? Let me know, I want to hear what my customers/fans want so I can make it for them.
I have used 3 of the products myself.
Time and time again, studies show that men say women who are good in bed are confident, playful, spontaneous and accepting. And incidentally, all these attributes won’t just make us better in bed, they will make us better at life.
(served with ice cold vodka)
CEO of The Climate Group Steve Howard offered a similar analysis. “A clean industrial revolution is not only possible, but it is well underway in the world’s leading states, cities and regions,” he told COP16 attendees at the “Climate Leaders Summit” in Cancun Wednesday. “The subnational governments in our Alliance are not waiting for a global agreement but are forging agreements of their own to lead a growing global market for low-carbon goods and services already estimated at $4.7 trillion.”
The lunch counter. Where you will be surrounded by chow-downers. Employees who only have an hour and their spouses work across town and so they — like you — will be alone.
Secret #1 – Choosing the Right Product to Promote
December 16
Just click on the image to go to the download site and follow the instructions there. In the download you will find a coloured (lol) Panda in both png and jpg formats, a jpg Panda Digi Stamp, a coloured Bamboo Frame in both png and jpg formats and also a jpg Digi Stamp Bamboo Frame as well. As an added bonus, there is a Bamboo backing paper included, so the whole download matches and hopefully you will enjoy crafting with this freebie.
I wish to thank the NaturalNews Facebook fans who conducted much of this research to help us find the truth behind the Institute of Medicine (www.Facebook.com/HealthRanger)
I've been trying for some time now to get a second job. Well, I guess I should not have put so much energy out into the ether, because I will be working once more at the Boys and Girls club on my days off until the end of May. BUT, one of the guy's I work with decided to give his notice.
Guess not.
And then the song of each member of these States.
ACTRESS - R.I.P
1) Add your flight details
If you learn more about food & drinks you learn more about flavours, you also achieve extreme joy in the consumption. You learn about the flavours. The different compounds and delightful sensations. Your mind broadens.
But the theme is not the worst of it. Superman IV is ridiculously poorly made. The special effects are cheap. The wire work on flying characters is often clearly visible. Characters hold entire conversations in airless space. But the worst of it is the editing. The original ending for the film was removed and placed in the middle with a new ending filmed. It not only did not make the movie better, it made the story incomprehensible. Te only way to get the full story coherently is to read the comic book adaptation.
What about y'all? How did you spend last night?
I put the sweet gifts on the dining room table. See that beautiful table runner? It was my Christmas gift from #1. She first saw the idea in a magazine and then again on pinterest. She said it took quite awhile to find all the doilies, who'd a thought? Some are new, but most of them are quite old, I love them all. She embroidered the little heart in the 1st pic.
And if you did, and weren't around to watch this team play in 1962, I have a feeling we all got a taste of what those days were like. Back in '62, they played like this all the time. These days, they just play like that occasionally. Tonight, they played like that all night long. So now on the heals of Fred Wilpon's sentiments becoming known to the public, he's made it impossible to view them as lovable losers (as if we ever did) ever. - Not with the dollars dropped into this money pit. These days, instead of rallying behind the Lovable Losers of yore, way before the days when The Saul B. Katz Dilemma regime took over, now we just have a Schmuck and a $h!tte team to laugh at. Even though the situation with the Mets has gotten far from funny.
It baffles me. The two space after the period rule was created long ago in the age of typewriters, so that one could actually tell that there was a space between the period and the proceeding word. However, in this "new" digital age of computers, I think we've moved past the point of necessity; similar to the electoral college for presidential elections (I had to throw at least something about politics in there). The problem is that the majority of people, even working people, even professional working people, have simply not received the memo that the time of the two spaces after the period is over. I no longer have to count my words when turning in an assignment at the office, and I'm not trying my damnest to make my work assignment five pages by adding two spaces after a period and not only double spacing, but using the largest font I can find to expand the text to another page. If anything, our modern society, especially in professional settings, is about brevity* and keeping this tight and concise.
I recently returned from vacation to, thankfully, only a smallish pile of mail. In that pile was a copy of Fresh Home Ideas magazine that I’ve been receiving quarterly thanks to my dear friend Alicia, who undoubtedly is responsible for the mystery subscription.
Anyway, it's Cannibal Corpse-- it's death metal at its best.
If I sold 100 copies of two books through YouWriteOn I’d earn £168.10, but by selling 100 copies each of two self-published books I’d earn £308.25. In this instance, self-publishing is a better option by a very nice margin of £140.15.
Sister (to the waitress) “Eto na ba yung potato salad nyo?”
I love it, love it, love it.
The story is also sort of the downside of finding Atlantis. Poe writes such great dark fairytales. (I’m sorry if anyone hates me for that statement. I’m not jesting about Poe writing fairytales, but I am suggesting that he wrote with ‘morals’ in mind, cleverly disguised as horror).
* Cuttlebug embossing folder: Swiss Dots
I finished the first draft in October, put it on the shelf for two months to let it breathe and have been editing for the last month. Editing that consists of rewriting the entire second half, complete with changing the ending. I have spent so much time with my characters I'm kind of at the point where I don't give a shit what happens to them.
“I am extremely pleased with your success! But we also understand that my task was and will consist only, in the first place, to show you the meditative techniques for progressively realizing all this, and, secondly, to warn you of possible errors and pointing out to you your own mistakes if they are already made.
It is a generational ship, a refugee ship, onboard are half a million beings, most the great-grandchildren of the original inhabitants. They are survivors of a devastating war 200,000 years ago on the other end of the galaxy. They have been looking for a home. Don’t worry, they have no interest in earth, they do not want to go to an inhabited planet, and they cannot breathe our atmosphere.
It is time to re-enter the realm of the English supermarket. Don’t worry – there are plenty more tropical surprises to come but for now let’s hold the mustard. The word on the street is that Asda house some of the finest Clementines (Citrus Reticulata) in the UK. This is the type of rumour that excites livewithfruit so without further ado let’s crack on with the Clementine.
When the low moon begins to beam
Ladies if you’re dating a Liverpool fan, you’re the luckiest women. Even if you don’t think you’re pretty (and probably aren’t very) he thinks you’re the world.
You were like a breeze in a warm summer day,
237. Thi Saun Hin (chick pea, potato, eggplant, green bean, zucchini, carrot, cabbage, broccoli & cauliflower - cooked in a' Myanmar style') @ Burma Tokyo (Pittsburgh, PA) 8:05 p.m.
War! be it weeks, months, or years, an arm’d race is advancing to
Matt Farrell: You just killed a helicopter with a car!
Les dépenses du budget général ont atteint 68,3 MMDH à fin mars 2012, en légère hausse de 0,8% par rapport à leur niveau à fin mars 2011, qui s’explique par une augmentation de 17,6% des dépenses de fonctionnement conjuguée à une baisse de l’investissement et des charges de la dette budgétisée1 de 34,2% et de 11,1%
The Lord
What am I trying to relay? I am a stronger person because, I have never had any reason to await anyone’s giving so that, I have it. If I want it, I work to have it. I own it. No one tells me how to use it or orders me around on it.
Let's get the party started......
1. Must be a Follower
I'm excited about starting with a blank slate! Did I mention that I want to complete this project on a very strict budget? I have lots of ideas for re-purposing old furniture.
3. Squirt lime juice over top of onions until the onions are about 1/4th covered.
Though the food was invariably notably inferior to that on offer at both the Posh Pub and in some cases the Bog Standard Pub,they were unfailingly,consistently mobbed.
And so 10 years after graduation, there we were together again, the wedding anniversary turned class reunion. And as I looked around, so much has changed. But despite the different paths we went to, the different decisions we made, we were still—and will always be—BAMC-4A. 4ever. Always.
Rinse them under the cold running water. You need to rinse these noodles to get chewer texture.
that we missed the movie. As we arrived at her house later, she said,
PS. Since people have asked, Tara is a little blond right behind the banner in the top pic, on the right in the middle pic, and the “boy” second from the right in the final shot.
15 oz (1 can) Pumpkin Puree- not the pie mix
(Note, yardages and suggestions given are for a 4-block-wide quilt row. I made my quilt six blocks wide, just because (it worked better for fat quarters). If you'd like yardage for a larger quilt, feel free to ask!)
Life is full of challenges. One after the other.
My normally sleepy baby is not so sleepy right now. After sleeping for 6 straight hours, instead of going back to sleep as usual, she's all smiles and giggles. So while the rest of the world is fast asleep, we're having a little play time.
Anyway, she loved the cupcakes! Owls are so popular right now, and she's into them. They weren't difficult to make at all. A little time-consuming, but once I got all the components ready, I worked on them in an assembly-line fashion.
"Welcome monsieur, sit yourself down and meet the best innkeeper in town!"
You really don’t need to answer any of these questions, or blow daisies up my shorts. I’ll have my answer soon enough. And when that happens I’ll adjust accordingly and move in whatever direction makes the most sense.
Is diet soda causing Cancer?
The GRE demanded writing a lot of things out, so that didn’t really clue me in either. It was this current class that really got me thinking. I read my notes, then re-wrote them from memory. Which also helped the pesky problem of order and organization of notes. In undergrad, it would seriously bother me if my professor (practically every animal science prof!) just jotted notes all sloppy, or skipped around in information, or forced me to cross things out or draw arrows to forgotten info, all ugly. I could barely LOOK at such sloppy notes, let alone study them. And sometimes I would re-copy them, but never from memory–just look at the ugly, and write them neater. I guess a little OCD snuck in there to impede me every now and again.
“I’d love the world to be lead by people who have a biblical worldview.....wouldn’t it be an exciting thing to have leaders who believe all of us are equal?” - Mike Huckabee
1/2 c. butter, melted
Here is the same space a bit more organized.
4. Sacrifice 4.20 (17/74)
So my desk is busy!! Not as busy as it was earlier in the night when I had lots more stuff out ... did a bit of tidying up as I knew you were popping round!!
“We used some in our icebox, but my mother, the nurse, did not want us to eat it. In the summer, we made ice cream in an old hand crank ice cream maker. We stored watermelons, to be brought up the ladder in July and August for the hot and thirsty tobacco harvesters. I honestly had to have help getting those watermelons up the ladder, but it was one of the chores that country boys had in the ‘good old days.’”
Are you my English teacher from TIGS? If so, I just thought I’d let you know that the doors you helped open for me helped make me what I am today — a reasonably successful author.
These are my sweet peas. Admittedly these weren’t grown from seed, but that’s only because the seeds I had did not germinate and I saw these in my favourite garden centre. Today I have re-potted them, and made little wigwams from bits of the apple tree that were trimmed last week. I am eager to get these outside (onto my deck), but am very aware they might get damaged by the frost at the moment.
I don’t usually post on economic issues, but I wanted to say a few things regarding the recent brouhaha regarding higher-than-usual gasoline prices in the United States. The issue has become heavy political fodder due to this being a presidential election year, and there have been a number of dubious claims made on the matter. So, to help sort fact from fiction on this issue, I would like to reference the following well-written article from Paul Brandus at The Week.
Best moment of the week: Finding out about our son, of course!
Still, it was awesome! I can't recommend mud runs enough. This was my second and it's a blast every time. This one was a 5K with 11 obstacles that culminated in an army crawl through a mud pit. Go find one in your area!
I just got home from Alt Design Summit. I feel so inspired! I will be sharing some of the fabulous people I met and things I learned over the next week.
The last baby of the recent boom is due in just a few weeks.
The interviews are restricted (more or less) to discussions about the artist’s craft, how a movie was made rather than what marriage was broken up on the set. I enjoy the articles on how a movie was filmed even as I understand how much they are commercials for the movie. I like reading about what the new Coldplay album sounds like even though I know they're only giving this interview just to sell more records.
once deceived
~buy in bulk, and when on sale: compare prices, but depending on the sale, you will pay much less for it if you buy in a liter or two liter bottle or in cans.
I grew a pair today and decided that today would be the day I ate...no, MADE....dim sum. I planned to make 5 different types; two chicken, one beef, one pork and one shrimp plus possibly a sweet one. I defrosted the meat and got to work in the dough for the pork buns. Halfway through assembling I said "screw it!, pork and beef plus dessert is enough!". I spent the better part of 3 hours preparing the dim sum but it was worth it and I can't wait to do it again. Next time though I will stagger the preparations over a couple of days so on the day I just have to prepare the yeasted rolls and cook the rest of the stuff.
3. Serve! Engage yourself in community service to whatever extent you can.
However I believe that Eddy also has some meetings in Keswick with former United Utilities employees who will give him a briefing on procedures at the dams and on the responsibilities and consequences of opening the sluice gates.
One event that has always been firmly stored in my memory is the story of my first babysitter whom my mom simply called Hermana Sylvia. In Latin countries people usually precede someone’s name with either “Hermano” or “Hermana”, especially if they’ve first interacted or met via a church service. This then tends to carry over into regular day to day communication and interaction as well. (It simply means Brother or Sister).
The boy has stuffed his scoop into the slanted tube to catch the pellets sliding down the tube. As he watches the pellets race down the tube into his scoop, he can't help but let out a "woh" and "woh-oh". It turns into a screech when he removes the scoop and pellets come flooding out of the bottom of the tube. Here, it is interesting to note the role of the observer in this play. The girl on his right adds to the excitement with her screech, too. She has been watching the whole time and has picked up on the boy's excitement. Sometimes we overlook the role of the observer when we analyze children's play. An activity shared is more exciting and joyous.
2. A central moral measure of any budget proposal is how it affects “the least of these” (Matthew 25). The needs of those who are hungry and homeless, without work or in poverty should come first.
10. Shoeless Joe anticipates.
“You might have a problem. I guess I misunderstood you,” Without the manager listening, I continued, “The coolers they kept those shakes in waiting for you were about 30 degrees, but not your cooler.”
After passing up those gummi bears for more than 100 days, but in a moment of profound weakness, I succumbed to the pressure of those colorful, little, morsels of joy! I asked the front office person whom the 5 lb bags are entrusted (to keep the jar filled) if she knew how many calories were in a gummi bear. She pulled open a drawer, lifted a plastic bag and read, “120 calories per serving, and each serving has 12 gummi bears.” My math skills being as sharp as they are, I chimed in quickly with, “that’s only 10 calories per bear!” She agreed.
So I must tell it for them.
My therapist just looked at me and said she saw none of that in the person I was now. And it was true. Apparently I am, unknowingly or admittedly, some sort of social butterfly; talkative and witty, charming and humorous is what I hear most often. At the Transgender Day of Remembrance I recently attended, one of my friends remarked that she was asked how she had become aware of the event. When she mentioned that she had heard about it from Christen, there were remarks of, "oh yeah... you know Christen? Cool!". It is so weird as I never really had a lot of friends growing up and into my adult life. I would say that I was a co-worker or an acquaintance or someone to talk to in the office but friends... people I could talk to and share my life with numbered in the single digits.
Obviously the important bit here is that God is honourable and keeps His word and on top of that, He shows us His mercy and loving-kindness. The point I want to make is the second bit ....to your servants who walk before You with ALL their heart!
only phone and our only GPS. Today’s post won’t be much since I’m pecking it out on nate’s Android with one finger. We will be on the hunt for cable TV and internet and possibly a landline to make it more affordable for our north american families to reach us.
Step 2:
Day 1: Junk Drawer
I can not stress this enough, if you are really want to get the best photo you can then you really need to invest your time in the show you are shooting. Get there early and I’m talking about 2-3 hours early, especially if your shooting a well-known event or designer. You would be amazed at how fast the media pit fills up, and me like most photographers will fight to keep their spot. When I attend fashion week I arrived 2 hours early to claim my sweet spot on the end of the runway.
A. Symptote
Surely such pure beauty can reach down and touch her scars.
Hi there! I’m Kimberly, the newest addition to The Yarn Club family. Many of you may know me from the STITCHES Knitting Expos and my previous work with Knitter’s magazine (I’m the one constantly wearing the bunny ears at fiber events). That chapter of my life came to a close last month, but as one door closes, another one opens. I am very “hoppy” to be working with Andrea and the girls at The Yarn Club. My specialty is Social Media so I will be helping out with our Blog, Facebook, Ravelry, and other e-media. You can also find me in the shop on Thursdays and Saturdays. Since Andrea has had absolutely no time to write I will be keeping everyone up to date with all the happenings at The Club. Here are some of the highlights since May and some events to look forward to this Fall...
**On the workout front, I did my Pilates class last night and man, in combo with my biking on Wednesday night, my legs and lower half of my body are SORE!! LOVE IT!!! ***
Usually for Valentine’s day, I feel sour and sad. I used to actively dislike Valentine’s day because it reminded me of love and how I feel that I would never find it.
Gold: Kickstart Stout, Barley Brothers Brewery & Grill, Lake Havasu City, AZ
Are you one of the many women (or men) who asks for “marriage” when what you really want is “love”?
Afsan Chowdhury has a very interesting anecdote about why the Rakkhi Bahini didn’t move against Mushtaq after 15 August:
31 - The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up.
Tuesday- crockpot vegetable soup (this recipe has the basic ingredients- I add a can of cream of mushroom soup and put it in the crockpot on low) and cornbread
Cigarette Tax
We swung in our airy flights.,
Senator Cunningham is already sold on this bill and she doesn’t want a long or complex hearing, so we can save a mass rally for later, but right now about 1000 witness forms is just what is needed.
After arriving, the first thing they did was visit Okinawa’s longest beach, which boasts a length of 700 meters. On sunny days, you can enjoy various sports or a stroll in the beachside parks, but unfortunately, the day we visited was nothing but rain and strong winds. It was awful: the lounge chairs that had been set out by the beachside were soaked; the umbrellas were beaten and battered by the wind; and everybody got completely drenched.
“Shall we shake hands, sit down, and talk about ourselves a little?”
Then there was the fire! My dog work me up at about 3.00am by barking loudly. I looked out the back window to discover my garage was on fire. The first thing I did was call out for my second son to help out while I called the fire brigade. He was out of bed in a flash and had actually put the fire out before the fire engine arrived. He is great in an emergency and I was very grateful for that.
Our Sponsor for this challenge is -
Listening.
the former is a politically planned effort to destabilize this government and cause instability in the Nation.
1) Go to the store (or call) and order the book. They will get in ANY book in the world if you order it. It usually only takes a few days and you don't have to pay until it arrives--great for readers without credit cards. I believe you can also go online and order it to be shipped to a store.
All students need to complete the following before the last day of school:
Cross your feet at ankles crossed over each other, both the palms over each other placed 6 inches below the throat in the center of the chest.
Well its January 2012 and I decided over the Christmas break that I needed a fresh new look for my label. I am hoping this year the lollipoppet label is going to grow bigger and better.
Holding the resolution of the message
Vampires are sometimes stereotyped to be magestical, sexual creatures. Capable of the highest levels of seduction and sadly Vampire boys sort of ruined that for me. Though, the character of Jasin was bad ass and hot like a Vampire should be, he was used to attract the wrong sex in my opinion….which is the same sex. Opposites will always attract and whether you’re the living dead or you’re dead and living………….that will always remain a fact.
Jennifer Jean: We are going to have a lot of music and poetry mixtures going throughout the day. We will have panels on "songology." We are going to have Slam poets as well and a lot of poetry paired with music.
And I’m makin this my moment now
Unbelievably this week one of my blogs reached the magic number of 5,000 hits, it has been read by almost 5 times the number of people of my next most popular..... I have mixed emotions about this as it is the lovingly titled “Getting in touch with your inner Tranny ” and does not exactly show me at my manly best...
OH ME OH MY! What an amazing LO! The colors just grab you...surrounding an AMAZING picture! Beautiful! Please feel free to grab our Shoe of the Week blinkie from our sidebar!
I'm also wanting to make a difference this year. I'd like to bring some changes to my life that I know I can swing if I work hard enough for them. So I've been slating out a better plan to help make that happen.
“They said they would take our land too.”
The way I saw it, I had no other real prospects. For a few months, it was better to have lower-paying somewhat steady work than non-paying non-existent work. So I went to the audition. Drove all the way up there, and almost ran out of gasoline on the two mile dirt road leading from the main road to the employee entrance of the not yet open for the season amusement park.
I had a little trouble sewing the channels as the bias tape was shredding and almost the channels were too small but I went back and hand sewed where I needed to go. Then with the help of magical roomy Amy, I was laced in and UH WOW. HI.
mix all the dry ingredients and then add the wet and knead for 5 min.
So I guess that was more like 20 goals, consolidated into 11 so I could stick with the year theme...
It’s an odd position for me because I also, like many of you, submit to competitions and therefore I have received both such emails, perhaps more of the latter over the years. And I hate to bring bad news, but at the same time I love to bring good news.
Oh, and at the bottom of the barrel lies Tommy Doyle, the little boy who was being babysat by Laurie Stode in the first movie. He's grown up into a paranoid nutcase who inexplicably knows all about Michael and has all the answers to everything in this movie, and I suddenly hate this movie that much more. The acting, oh fuck, the acting...is fucking horrible. It doesn't help that this movie has some of the worst lines ever ("Michael Myers is the right man for me," on the radio show, and the narration in the beginning that says that Halloween is a night of mayhem only because of Myers...) but the acting is just intolerable. Nobody is believable, nobody has any emotion and nobody delivers their lines with any conviction at all. It's an acting student's worst nightmare! You could get a pair of fleas to act better than half of these assholes. You could get...Romanian midgets with cranial deformations to act better. This is awful! This is torture!
Like many children's hospitals, there are non-stop activities available for the patients at Dell, and the Child Life Specialists are amazing. But let's face it - at the end of the day, you're still in the hospital, and that stinks! Especially on birthdays, holidays, and other special days. To help spread some cheer and encouragement, St. Jude's (which is celebrating 50 years of finding cures and saving children) has set up a link for you to send e-cards to kids spending their Easter holiday in the hospital. It's free and takes just a few minutes - and you know these little bunnies are worth it. So, HOP to it, y'all!
April 2011:
Lesson 1 focused on your story, lesson 2 dealt with what you believe.
04. Give The People What They Want
I'm a theology girl; I like logical theology and rationalizing how God and Jesus makes sense. I'm a sinner, I need a Savior, God loves me and died for me to save me. It makes sense, and I love that the Gospel makes since. And I love this theology; it's beautiful, and without it true love for Jesus could not exist.
Find baby's favorite speed with this innovative portable swing. The Bright Starts™ Sunnyside Safari™ Portable Swing is a win for parents and babies—from its machine-washable padded seat right down to its bright yellow, non-slip feet. With six distinct speeds to choose from, you'll find it easy to suit your little one's mood—and our patented TrueSpeed™ technology keeps those speeds consistent even as baby grows.
ER. CRiSAP encourages ways to animate archives, how has this been undertaken within LCC?
Pretty. Maybe slightly sinister, given facelessness of girl, and the serpentine seething at the bottom of her dress. Quite appealing.
And the darkness covers our faces,
“If to seek illustrations on the subject of gunas, it is very clearly seen in the area of sexual relationships. Let us look at it in relation to both sexes.
The way this project is laid out, you stitch the center of each component in one long strip and then you work out from there. So your length and number of 'Pineapples' is predetermined at the very beginning of the project....and your rows go back and forth across the length.
In the doctrine, which took form of a website proxy, aims at wiping Israeli assets and Jewish people worldwide. With the Israeli’s plan of attacking Iran’s nuclear facilities, the Iranian government is trying to justify it’s defenses through genocide and economic starvation.
mean money for this art
Batch parties are a great way to fill your freezer with lots of great healthy dishes for rushed evenings and nights when you have other things to worry about than dinner. In my house that is almost every night!!! Most dishes are prepared by just thawing and popping in the oven or on the grill for about 30 minutes while you heat up a bagged of steamed veggies in the microwave. The recipes all serve 6 and most can be split into 2 or more containers for smaller families or lighter eaters.
g) a violation of human rights
The first half of the album seems to focus more on outright brutality - don't get me wrong, though, there are plenty of awesome melodic guitar solos - but the second half of A Perfect Absolution is where things really get interesting. The band starts mixing it up and adds a lot of jazz and progressive elements to their music, so all of the sudden you're faced with unpredictable rhythm changes, warm guitar interludes, lightning-fast shredding, dual vocal attacks, intense grooves, outer-space solos and even spoken word bits. All of these elements are masterfully combined like a giant puzzle, making for an extremely engaging and fascinating listen, as the songs move effortlessly from frantic whirlwinds of technical riffing to quieter moments that give you a chance to catch your breath.
The Burwood Inn
Worryingly for employers, under the bill there will seemingly be no way of recovering their costs of defending even the unsuccessful cases, unless they can show the claimant is either fraudulent or a millionaire. In which case there will be little to discourage litigants in person from ‘chancing their arm’ with a claim.
Melanie sat cross-legged on the double bed in a puddle of pale blue sheets, her laptop between her knees. A wave of disapproval seemed to come from Alexander’s ashes in the urn atop the dresser, but she could not tell if the censure was directed at her, the unmade bed, or the so very ordinary photos sliding by on her computer screen.
*We may repeat this again some other day. It either didn't work or R's locks are too dark to show.
Co-created by Stan Lee, the legendary writer-editor behind Spider-Man, the Fantastic Four, X-Men and the Incredible Hulk, among others, Iron Man made his first appearance in the pages of Marvel’s comic books in 1963. The super hero’s trek to the big screen began in 1990, when Universal Studios purchased the film rights from Marvel. The rights were later sold to 20th Century Fox and then New Line Cinema before Marvel Studios re-acquired them in 2006. The $150 million movie was the first to be financed completely by Marvel, which together with the distributor, Paramount Pictures, poured another $75 million into a wide-ranging marketing campaign.
Luxury in Ezstergom. The hotel was built by the Soviets. It was in good condition and perfect for us. We had lunch on the hotel deck, lured by the low prices. It was very relaxing after the last couple of days and we were glad to be there. As we paid for lunch we saw a flyer that said dinner was 20 percent off if you were staying in the hotel so we made a reservation because the lunch had been very good and the discount made the dinner very reasonable.
It is good to study and/or have letters of distinction indicating advanced degrees behind your name. You’ve earned the right to flag your knowledge. However, it is as important to be aware of your self-content.
hand in hand
Pull those neutrals out of your stash and see how rich they can be when used as the featured fabrics. We have lots of great neutrals in stock and new ones coming soon, so get yourself a copy of this fabulous book, a few new fabrics and let the inspiration begin! You will never look at neutrals in the same way again!
“The election will be on Aug. 14.”
In my world, spring’s penultimate days were spent fretting over all-important teenage matters. I was busy splitting my time between the anxiety of end-of-term exams and the exciting prospect of summer trips with friends and family. By the time my birthday whizzed past, the constant flux of giddy hope and dismal woe had me capped out emotionally. I could barely focus on my schoolwork, let alone notice what was happening in the world.
It was warm enough to grill in Pennsyltucky this afternoon, and it’s going to get into the 70s this coming week.
I love this month series from Little House Needleworks, and I started buying the month series from Country Cottage Needleworks. Both of the series are so cute! And apparently I have a thing for month patterns :)
I finally decided that I just had to give up on the mystery and let it go. Sort of. . .
We went to two of the Veggie Heaven restaurants to see how they compare. While all of them are vegan, only one of the restaurants, the Teaneck location, is actually under Kosher supervision. However many of their cooking condiments and sauces either are made in the US and are kosher certified or come from Israel. In order to be truly vegan, no eggs are used in any of the preparations, including the noodles.
Denise took the dress from her mother smiling the slightest, trying to hide it from Gracie who seen and slipped out the door so she could try it on.
But if things have changed — e.g., one of you used to party too much, causing rows, but now has calmed down — then you have a chance of it working.
It is estimated that 6 million people die each year of trauma, 400,000 of them in hospitals. But, a study published earlier this month in BMC Emergency Medicine estimated that wider use of tranexamic acid could save up to 128,000 of those people a year, including 4,000 in the U.S. alone.
Dunedin’s plan to develop and launch a new brand for the city has sparked a strong city-wide response, and the search is now on to find the “essence” of the Dunedin experience to promote the city to the rest of the world.
Some of the typical improvements qualified applicants may receive in this program include the following: insulation – attic, floor, and wall; window sealing; weather-stripping; maintenance of HVAC; hot water tank check-up; thermostat settings; lighting efficiency; and sealing the exterior siding.
Apologies to anyone who has had problems commenting or reading my blog. I'm afraid it's due to ongoing problems with Blogger. I am looking for an alternative set-up which should improve things but it will probably take me a while as I will need to find alternative hosting and rebuild the blog from scratch. Fingers crossed that Blogger actually fix things in the interim.
While the noodles boiled, I grated up some parmesan cheese and got out my breadcrumbs. I make homemade breadcrumbs by grating up any leftover or stale bread we have on hand, adding it to a jar, and keeping it in the freezer. This way I always have my own homemade breadcrumbs on hand when I need them. (I find the store-bought variety to be too much like sand.)
Crooklyn Dub Consortium
There is a tradition that the Nephilim were giants, super-humans who were able to do supernatural things. Think of Goliath, or Sampson in the Bible.
I read a quote recently on a running website that noted “There’s no such thing as bad weather, just soft people.”
go to pool
Man has always been a scourge on the planet. The delicate ecological balance that existed among millions of species for millennia has been hopelessly thrown out of whack by the evolution of modern human beings. Now, instead of a world populated by lush forests, sky-blue lakes and majestic wildlife, we have strip malls. We have Branson, Missouri. We have off-shore oil drilling rigs. We have the Volkswagen Jetta. All, the perverse product of Man.
Be aware of your dominant spiritual path now, a path influenced by your personality. It is important that your friend have some experience and sympathy with your path, even though he or she may not be traveling on it as centrally as you. In fact, someone with sympathetic yet critical experience of different paths is best of all: such a friend can help attune you to different possibilities you may be ready for, and call attention to possible deceptions.
I will post pictures of some of the lovely creations later on after I have given them, don't you worry...and I will even include a tutorial!
CH: Yes, but those milongueros had respect, delicacy and sensibility. It was totally different. I know my role is contradictory, because I also collaborated in generating this young movement. In its moment I got tired of the strict milonguero codes that didn't correspond with my time and to rebel I tried to make my way. Today I'm a milonguero again (laughter). I'm against the people who do not cabecear (nod), who don't have codes or respect. The value of tango has been diluted. That is why I say that many dancers are lost, they barely hold on to each other to dance and for two hours like zombies, it is very sad.
In the past month I have learned:
Our friend Kate just passed one of her nursing exams...we gave her one of our stethoscopes as a congratulatory gift. She laughed. Then she asked us if we knew how long a red blood cell lived.
I spent some time this evening researching the claim that sharia law requires four male, Islamic, adult eyewitnesses to get a rape conviction. This turns out to be true, but slightly misleading, or at least, incomplete. Sharia law, with its very severe punishments, does apparently require four male, Islamic adult eyewitnesses for the crime of zina (which includes rape, adultery, and premarital sex, and does not distinguish them clearly). In some countries, eight adult females can provide the testimony, or some combination of men and women.
...then he finds out that old dad is also an arm-wrestler and picks up extra money going here, there and everywhere by defeating opponents with his mighty arm. That doesn't change their relationship much but hey: his dad arm wrestles. Wow.
All these bags were shuttled back to Hayward where they awaited the skiers return in organized "ques" guarded zealously by several volunteers.
Milano, Teatro Tenda Lampugnano - March 29, 1984
The Food Network Magazine's latest issue was their "light" issues. I love hummus & when I saw Falafel Crusted Chicken with Hummus Slaw I knew I had to try it. I didn't want to buy falafel mix for just one recipe so I made this chicken instead. The flavor of the slaw was really unique. I love the little "kick" I got from the chili paste. Eric said this is definitely a keeper. Oh & Lyla devoured the chicken.
There have been more fitting tributes to Mr. Helm in the past week or so than I could ever imagine writing myself. I'm not going to even try.
A little history….
I did, and she did. The biggest thing that came out of this was that, instead of being angry and refusing to talk to me, she started talking to me more. I can’t say what she was thinking, but my guess is that she trusted me to tell her the truth because it was obvious that I didn’t care if she thought what I said offended her. I became one of the people she would come to when she knew things weren’t as pretty as everyone was telling her they were.
This week I'm Piling it on to these challenges:
All I’d ever wanted was an admission that they had got it wrong. If, in the response to my original letter, they’d have apologised for the freelance journalist getting some facts wrong, or admitted their sub editors had been a little heavy-handed, I would have left it there. But I was not prepared to be defamed in a national newspaper and then bullied into silence.
And here are my four year old grandchildren playing with their vintage farm. Look after it kids!
I liked my outfit, something out of the ordinary!
Wolff conceived the idea of a global choir initiative after family friends miraculously survived and escaped the deadly earthquake, which struck Haiti about a month ago. By a miracle they all were found alive.
2) giving change
Royal Street. I loved Royal Street. It is here on Royal Street where I found my favorite musicians.
Jesus Christ loves me! Amen!
Clip for Rafskinna DVD Magazine # 2 (House)
They'll shed those diapers and lose the scattering, then learn about raising their hands, making rules, laying a foundation for the community they began to build with that first "Hey." They'll make another orca whale painting, another pendulum painting, have another spin of the wheel.
NYX matte - Nude (applied under brow with MAC 217 by patting, then blending downward)
DCWV CS- Metallic stack
There then follows an 'assessment' of sweetness and bitterness, both of which which are graded from 1-5 with the aid of further illustrations.
Aww shit! Torture me why don’t you! LOL. Ugh. Questions like this are really tough for me but here goes. I’m gonna kill Sisko because (and only because!) he’s sort of in weird Prophet limbo-land anyways and that makes it mighty convenient for me. I’m most attracted physically to Picard and if I have to wake up next to one of them everyday (uhh, yes please) I guess it would be him. Kirk’s a total manwhore but the flip side of that is he’s gotta know all kinds of crazy awesome tricks, right? So as long as he’s cleared by medical I’ll bang Kirk.
7. The war on drugs has been waged primarily in communities of color where people of color are more likely to receive higher offenses.According to the Human Rights Watch, people of color are no more likely to use or sell illegal drugs than whites, but they have higher rate of arrests. African Americans comprise 14 percent of regular drug users but are 37 percent of those arrested for drug offenses. From 1980 to 2007 about one in three of the 25.4 million adults arrested for drugs was African American.
take my hand
On Sunday, we were able to head south to Kokomo to visit Steph’s grandma and celebrate Thanksgiving with her. We had a good meal and a great time seeing her; it has been awhile since she’s been able to see Levi in person, but she’s been one of his strongest supporters since day one. We love you grandma, and it was so nice to spend the day with you. We are happy that it’s a short work week; later this week we will head down to celebrate Thanksgiving with Steph’s family, then down to my family after that. We are all looking forward to the Thanksgiving holiday. It has always been my favorite. In my mind, it seems to be the last pure holiday. I know the crazy shopping commences the day after, and some families seem to jump right over it to get to the craziness of Christmas quicker, but maybe that’s why I like it so much. The day is what it needs to be. It’s a day set aside to give thanks for who you are, who you’re with, what you have, and where you’re going. It’s about family, community, and reflection. Add in a great meal and spice it with a little football, and there you have it. The perfect holiday. And I thank God that I can spend it with my family complete.
My sweet friend recently lent me her family's old cookbooks to peruse. I love the cookbooks, but my favorite thing is seeing which little slips of paper and newspaper clippings people stuff inside these old cookbooks. These are some of the greatest recipes in my family's cookbooks, so I made sure to copy down some of my friend's too! Here is a great one I found - enjoy!
Be one of the first 35,000 to enter and we'll ship you the Straight Line sample trio + get a FREE salon styling session. Enter to win Straight Shampoo, Conditioner and Blow Dry (worth $89) - for smooth, frizz-free styles. (Please note: our sweepstakes is not accessible via mobile devices.) This offer is from their FaceBook page.
P.S. Don’t forget to follow my blog via e-mail or facebook or twitter! I would love to hear more from you guys. Happy watching!
Oh an I thought that the fat cunt was supposed to be on a diet, chomping down on banana's and such like? Still looks like the same fat, lying about going jogging fat bastard he always was; the cunt.
The only other Brits to win title during the poll’s 18-year history are Keira Knightley in 2006 and Kelly Brook in 2005.
has all gone by. (The freshness of beauty
The use of drones in the D.C. area became public information last week, after the Federal Aviation Administration released a list of agencies currently or previously permitted to use the unmanned aerial vehicles. It included many federal departments, such as Agriculture, Homeland Security and Energy as well as local organizations such as Virginia Commonwealth University and Virginia Tech.
However, whatever the numbers, what difference does it make? Sea-faring is by its very nature international, in the 18th and early 19th centuries small minorities of people of all sorts of nationalities served on ships of other nations, but it is only we, the British who are now expected to surrender our nationhood because a couple of foreigners fell foul of the press gang.
Which acts have you seen at Melt? Would you consider yourself a fan?
Well Mother's Day has come and gone. This one was particularily delightful because my oldest son and my daughter-in-love are finally home from Germany with my new grandbaby. I swear that kid's cheeks are going to get kissed off any minute now.
The memories smoulder and the soul always yearns
"What you t'ink of 'Fire?'"
Manners are the art of making others feel at ease. They are not reserved for fancy occasions or only for guests in your home. You take them with you everywhere you go and by doing so make sure people always feel ‘at home’ in your presence.
This stamp is by Steve Benson, he has the freeks factory
A Connecticut Senate committee recently approved a bill to explore putting radio frequency identification tags, known as RFIDs, in the state’s license plates so cars can be tracked and tickets automatically generated for drivers with lapsed vehicle registration, emissions or insurance. A lobbyist for the program estimates the state would collect $29 million per year by fining uninsured drivers and other lawbreakers.
Anywhooo.. when the ribbon arrived I laid it all out on my table and I really liked how they looked all layered up so I got my first idea instantly.
Take Clear Channel talk WTAM/1100 weekend host Matt Patrick - the former hot AC WKDD/98.1 morning driver and talk WHLO/640 midday host out of Clear Channel's Akron/Canton Freedom Avenue complex in northern Stark County, now appearing out of the company's Cleveland market hub at Oak Tree.
They went out twice and then he disappeared. Suddenly she was unable to get through to him on the phone and her emails were not returned. After twelve months of silence she got an email from him that said “I can’t stop thinking about you”. Well, this friend of mine is no fool, she deleted the message without responding and will continue to do so if he should contact her again.
Before I share the journal entry she wrote, she wants to make sure that you understand where her heart was and what she was thinking at the time she wrote this. You see, she’d been praying for years for God to change her husband. She wanted God to make her husband into a man who was worthy of her. But after four years of praying this and receiving no answer from God, she changed her prayer for the next two years. She felt he was “dead weight” and was holding her back from her potential to becoming the most holy and perfect woman alive.
Of my Beloved have I drunk; and when I went forth
One would wonder on going to Showcase Art Exhibition if exhibitions of newly emerged artists are as lively like and full of energy, or is it the versatile artwork that decorated the walls of Café D’Artistes that give it a different look this time.
to use with my computer/mouse etc.
When it comes to planning for a wedding, everyone seems to have somewhat of an idea of what they want. They either have always dreamed of it, they were inspired by a movie scene, or someone else’s wedding. Mostly inspiration and the dream is solely The Bride’s. Groom nods his head to all the selections, colorful items and etc.
We also saw a surprise twist in the Naomi/Jen/PJ triangle and learned something surprising about Annie’s new love interest, Caleb. Read on for tonight’s character breakdown.
1 cup buttermilk or sour milk (see tip below)
Inside the house isn't nearly as lovely as outside; its all clutter & cleaning projects that make me wince ... like my carpet needs a serious cleaning. Ah, the joy of owning three large dogs & living out in the country without the blessing that would be hard wood floors. There is too much to do to prepare for the holiday & I haven't got enough hands to juggle it all.
Why is it that some people just cannot put themselves in the feet of others? New studies have examined the emotional intelligence of the “elite”, which explain some of their weird psychological developments and missing empathy towards other human beings in general. The Founder of Public Relations, which one described as „Propaganda“ in the late 1920's, Edward L. Bernays states,
I guess it was right. Life moves on. Things get better. I get better and with help, I'm getting better each day. Although I can remember those events - that day sat in the car just numb - emotionally, I can't connect with what went on. It's a bit like.... walking out of the woods. Leaving a cold forest and as you walk into the sun, you can feel the shadows falling from your back.
He was about 9 when we had a discussion about the wonders of masturbation and how it could save him from all kinds of difficult entanglements, including women who would steal him blind, neglect his children & spend his child support on cocaine.
I try really hard to say no to the spitting
at your ghost
Horkheimer, Max, and Theodor W. Adorno. Dialectic of Enlightenment. New York: Herder and Herder, 1972.
I was at a cooking class and thought that this would be the perfect setting for a novel. So it began….. And yes, five years later, I am still working on it (the cooking and the writing). It’s the most challenging yet invigorating endeavor I have ever undertaken. A love hate relationship. Conflict. All wonderful ingredients for a story and a blog.
We are sponsored by our awesome monthly sponsor Simon Says Stamp!!! They have so many lovely things to craft with. You just have to see to believe all that they have.
Here is the reason for my lack of cardmaking!
With speculation layered upon speculation, the task of peering into the murky waters of probability to make an assessment of damages is something that is clearly not undertaken lightly. As far as a game of pin the tail on the donkey goes, the court clearly does its best to try and bring a semblance of rationality to an inherently arbitrary assessment of chances and possibilities in an alternative reality.
Confined by a cage.
Harnish will be flown to Newport Beach, California, where they’ll throw beach parties, parades, and regattas in his honor. Then Disneyland. He will drag the infield during an Anaheim Angel’s baseball game (they won’t let him throw out the first pitch because that would make him relevant). After a banquet held in his honor he will receive his award. Instead of the Heisman, he’ll get the Lowsman trophy — a statue of a football player with a clueless stare as he’s fumbling the football.
Although the path to purchase may appear unclear as consumers conduct the shopping process across multiple channels, Pollak encouraged mobile marketers to think about factors such as a consumer’s distance from a store and the days and times when mobile usage spikes. For example, tablet usage peaks during after-work hours and smartphone usage spikes during weekend days. Connecting and strategizing based on those statistics will help mobile marketers provide more targeted and personalized campaigns akin to the marketing experiences consumers are accustomed to on the web.
We’re HandyFolk, and between us we should be able to fix/unblock/plant/mend/salvage and clean just about anything. Feel free to have a look around at what we do and who we are. You can contact us using the buttons, and we’ll be in touch to arrange a free estimate.
Glapthorn. Tansor, Cotterstock, or Ashton
Some nights we would wander if in search of adventure, usually ending up at our favorite Korean karaoke place, the Kenny Rogers Music House. A minivan-sized photo of Kenny Rogers enticed customers into the establishment, which on the inside was decorated like a mall's "Santa's workshop" display, except with a good dozen Pokemon statues. This was Korea, and it was awesome.
He has read, and continues to read, a great deal more than I have and if I am honest, I stay away from certain topics. Not because they frighten me, but because I think I have enough, for the moment, to think about. The dots can and will be joined. Not by me, necessarily, but someone will (I think Alan Watt already has), but it remains....too big. Too orchestrated, too engineered. We refuse to believe it because our politicians simply aren't that smart. They are, in all probability, just marionettes. Empty-headed fools, arrogant enough to believe they are the elites within society, but do they know they are puppets? Do they? And if they do know, why do they continue to dance to the tune of madmen? And if they don't know, then that just confirms that they are as brainless as I have said.
What the bejesus is a winglet and why do they exist?
She has a flannel board on one of her closet doors - the perfect tree-hanging spot!
It looks the part--beautiful spun gold, frothy bead, dense, white head. Softly sweet of palate, with a faintly biscuity maltiness; a slight bubblegum note (phenols), and alcohol warmth drying out in the finish. One criticism: the body is too light; it goes watery just when it should be supporting the heft of the style.
9. Haruki Murakami "1Q84"
The shards crackle and pop under the weight of His feet.
Descriptions of encounters, in particular, this conversation could be potentially inappropriate if I were younger and vulnerable. But I feel tough and impenetrable, and everything the world offers is material. In the middle of the narrative, I was thinking, this is oral history of a convoluted, funny-petty, kind. Fazli could have interviewed him for his book. Karachi was a Playboy Paradise. A mini Europe. Drugs, Sex, Strip Clubs, coupled with Third World tin pot. Everything that is now done at homes and gone underground, and infested with TB and inflation, was out in the open, only waiting for Zia to take a plunger to its innocent, debaucherous heart. The stuff my father never shared with me but I found out anyway, snooping through drawers, at 8, in the quest for material. They went to nude beaches in Germany in the 60s and cruelly told us, the General's bastards (only) adding to our lustful wish list -- fight tyranny, free women, go to nude beach....
All I did was move the one closet bar up to allow for another to be put up under it….put a shelf over the lower bar and tada! way more closet space!
Loaded up and ready for work and play... Bikes and tools!
Fallen Angel ... Hallmark Channel ... 2 AM
Persons accused of practicing the witchcraft were labeled as heretics. Once caught, the victim was coerced into confessing his crime through inhuman tortures and was either hanged or burnt alive during the inquisition. The law against the witchcraft was further exploited by the vested interests to score personal vendetta or to snatch the property or land of victims. Some influential persons in the society, in collusion with the priests, would manage to arouse suspicions against their targets as being witches or wizards. They victims were arrested, made to confess and killed.
Remember to forget me
As it was the Balloon Fiesta in Bristol and the weather was not that brilliant, we didn't think that we stood much chance of seeing many hot air balloons over this way. However, on several occasions we looked into the sky from our road and saw great clusters of them floating slowly in the distance and we could hear the burners as they boosted their height. Radio Bristol announced that 62 took off together.
The Bruce family were the original and builders of Kinross House, the Montgomery family owned the house until quite recently. The Montomery’s are buried in a separate,private grave yard which adjoins this burial ground. This image was toned in a different way, the organic material picking up a blue tone.
Also, this song/video/band is rad, one of my favourites.
We must walk for true Democracy, we must walk to correct a recalcitrant government. We must walk for CHANGE.
With temperature hitting 38 and above degree Celsius is not freaking good and in fact, it is probably the hottest summer that we ever had. I just can't bear the heat at all and it was like I want to take a shower every now and then just to freshen myself up. Oh well, I don't know if i can relate it to the so called global warming or I am taking it exaggeratedly but comparing this year's summer to the previous ones, this is definitely unusual. It burns my skin and I can't even go outside for awhile. I don't think hitting the beach is good enough to keep myself from this horrible summer condition.
Disclaimer: This post will have almost ZERO pictures. Because Travis always steals my camera. So if you don't like words, stop reading now.
Even though it doesn’t play terribly, most of the original music seems to try too hard to sound like older Mario tracks instead of doing their own thing. Just like with the approach to levels, the developers seem to have stayed in the comfort zone of pouring out the fan service instead of taking a risk at an original game. It’s like they’ve forgotten how different in tone all of the classic and modern Mario games are and instead produced this pastiche of a game.
Me: (Turning down the music) Okay. Well...I love you (kiss), and I'll see you this evening. Have a great day.
Lesson #3 Empowerment comes in different forms! I hear the word empower all too often and I have come to the conclusion that empowerment is really a complex lesson because it can appear in so many different forms. It can show up as correction, awareness, knowledge, etc.
Total time: 1 hour, plus marinating time
up to heaven
Thanks to the wonders of the web I was soon able to 'Listen Again' to the interview. I scrolled the slider through the programme to about the point where I thought I would be. A voice was talking and I presumed it was the item after me, but then I recognised some of the words and realised I was listening to myself. I didn't recognise my voice at all! Still, I listened back and was quite pleased with it. I sounded rather posh - a combination teaching/phone voice - and there was a trace of my father's tone in there, especially when he used to give interviews on radio or TV, but I sounded confident and like someone who knows what they're talking about. So that's not so bad, eh?
Pointless fashion ramble has come to an end! If I can bring myself to it, beauty review post is next on the line!
From Elliot Porter's photobook 'Nature's Chaos' (a real eye-opener when I found it in a bargain bin at least ten years ago) comes "Sorrel and yarrow" (1982). It is not the most spectacular image in the book but as I am looking more and more at wild herbal fields like this I am starting to see what Elliot is trying to capture in a picture like this, and also how well he does it. What I like about Porter is the way he steps aside from taking pictures of objects and tries to capture textures and processes instead, but I might undestand him wrongly:
More Important I am here with you each and every step of the way.
I wonder to what extent N- directly influenced many of the more contemporary intellectuals in whom I am interested, and to what extent some of this was co-discovery, or perhaps a more covert influence, but here N- again anticipates some movements in modern psychology and sociology and philosophy, ‘as soon as any philosophy begins to believe in itself. It always creates the world in its own image; it cannot do otherwise.’ Reality-tunnel writ large.
At the very least it would make a great film: ten minutes into what you think is a science fiction adventure story, all the lights on the ship go out. There is no way to replace the bulbs.
If we use 6 and 10 from our golden rectangle series above, and extend the sequence using the Fibonacci method, you’d get the same result as we did from the golden rectangle which is really pretty amazing.
I got up. He told me to go to the bedroom.
the valiant spirit shields. I know my name,and that is so sweet.
the quiet agony of loss
I sewed the pink felt to the brown felt with a fine blanket stitch, leaving at this stage the top end of the pink felt open, so I could place a miraculous medal and St Benedict medal inside.
Nothing else about the bar appears to have changed.
“Hey Kenneth, this is your cousin. I was wondering if you would come and help me clean our apartment?”, my cousin Brandon says.
"Due to lack of proper communications, parents have been ill-informed about what's happening when. Students have lost most of their playground, the school has become dusty on the inside, and of course -- danger at the school has increased. Only this past Friday (two days ago) did we parents learn that asbestos removal work is planned for this coming Monday night.
But what is flawed in today’s media is the need to make a story out of nothing. With social-networking there comes a whole realm of opinion and expression (something that celebrities used to only see in fan mail and shout-outs on the red carpet). Now, regarding any topic, any trend, any type of situation, someone somewhere in the social-networking sphere has something to say about it. Especially because in the online world, there are no immediate, physical consequences for these actions.
The original house we wanted fell through, but running parallel was
I feel so super tired and lazy today. I’m a bit worried that I’ll give in to my laziness once I get home and skip out on my workout today. I have to get motivated and stay on track….leave work, get home, let dogs out, dress for workout, get my water, hit play. “Nobody regrets working out. They just regret NOT working out”.
The participant’s guide and DVD arrived in my mailbox a few weeks ago as part of Lysa Terkeust’s blog tour. “Catchy title,” I thought as I placed it in my “review pile” – which is quickly becoming an avalanche waiting to happen. At that point, I wandered into the kitchen between writing projects and clicked open a can of Diet Coke (I love that clicking swoosh sound, don’t you?) And then I opened my pantry door to scour the shelves for a snack, a bag of Baked Doritos stuffed inside a wicker basket. For those that know me from high school and college, you may recall that my favorite snack was Doritos with French Onion Dip – always in ready supply in my dorm room. At that time in my life, I was able to indulge and not even gain a single digit on the scale. Oh how I miss that incredible metabolic rate of my youth!
Mick Mercer seemed to like them, noting Sleeping Dogs Wake in the summary of Goth History Part 2 (The Gothic Rock Black Book, Omnius Press, 1988) as one of the new up and coming bands to watch out for.
Anyway these past weeks have been so action packed. Waking up to go to work then after hanging out with some amazing friends until the wee hours in the morning. The day I wore this Mike and I got half off dinner at the Woodward Brewery then walked to DQ for mini blizzards then back to the Loving Touch for movie night. I left after the first movie which was "Rubber" which is an amazing movie (it's on Netflix streaming right now). Later that night I enjoyed the cool air from laying ontop of my car watching heat lightening dance in the sky.
we've had sort of a rerun for the next couple of weeks...
She’ll put the ring on her finger
* Putting an end to biological farming and poisoning non GM cultures through pollenization from GM crops and accidental exposure to Roundup herbicide.
not go out. I’ll resend
Daria Plyushco
5 – And keep it short. The guests are there to mingle and dance so keep your speech or toast to less than 2 minutes. Longer speeches can be said at the rehearsal dinner the night before.
It’s simple and so very complex at once. A book may provide the knowledge but expertise comes from the journey, from experience. Each journey begins and ends differently. Sometimes it may feel to be the most graceful and natural practice in the world and other times may seriously challenge us. For example, I probably have the most trouble with a little yama known as satya, truthfulness. It’s not that I’m telling lies or making stories out of whole cloth. It’s more of a taking ownership of mistakes or decisions that didn’t work out, which is a truthfulness towards oneself. Sometimes, I get into the blame-the-other for my own misfortune. Again, truthfulness. This is yoga in the daily life, moment to moment. This is where we form the union between our body selves (mind and body as one) and the spiritual/mystical side. It gets squishy right here because, no matter what you believe and answer to (god, goddess, spirit, soul, universal forces, yourself), there seems to be some greater good. How we get there, what vehicle we use, is our decision.
Tomorrow I am headed to the foreign and incredibly far away land of Nova Scotia for a dance competition. While there I will be competing with other dancers of the Maritimes. Me and my mates will woo the judges with our fast feet and Celtic music, of course. Well, hopefully.
Shushan Cats, meanwhile, is one of the most compelling literary creations of recent years. A self-made and self-educated man, Shushan is on the face of it a typical mobster, a hard man who rules with a fist of iron.
Just as the scales of fear
-garlic powder
Cunts.
I've had several assorted stouts waiting in the beer cellar (which has now moved from the kitchen cabinets to the bedroom closet) for quite some time. I'm not sure why, but I've been keeping an eye on this one in particular.
This story is about a family whose members just want to live their lives in their own way without bothering anybody else. There's Martin Vanderhof (aka Grandpa), his daughter Penny and her husband Paul Sycamore, their daughters' Alice and Essie (who is married to Ed Carmichael). There's also an assortment of other characters, some who live in the house and some who don't.
That is the sticking point for me. While I believed an anti-hero needed some redeeming qualities, Marty has taught me that it’s more than that. Even though I can see that Marty loves his son and he struggles to deal with his mother’s suicide, it’s not enough for me to want to continue to watch him. And this is why:
There were many things I found enjoyable in Lady Baltimore. The writing was delightful-and-pleasant. For the most part. When the narrator is discussing race, well, it would be difficult to find charm in that...at all...but when the focus is on society, on social issues, on manners and traditions, courtship, etc., then it is a great way to spend a week. (When it comes to observation and characterization, think Austen or Trollope.)
*Carlos has been blogging since 2010 that America is Babylon as revealed to him by the Lord.
"It was a huge mistake. It was Mutassim's idea. There were about 45 vehicles, 160-180 men, some of them were wounded," said Daou.
Now that you’ve read Neil’s story, you know how much he needs our help. Just weeks away is not a lot of time, but I know we can make a significant change in Neil’s life if we join together to help him.
And despite memorizing the license plate before they drove off…I followed the “Negro Code” that is, NO SNITCHIN’!!
Too bitter for sad people
You will find everything here... and I do mean everything: books, linens, chairs, plates, silver, pewter, vintage clothes, paintings, ancient flooring, old magazines, marbles, tools, furniture, art deco lamps, priceless antiques and heaps of mysterious broken things.
Also, Candlemas is supposed to be the very last day that you're supposed to have your Christmas greenery up. If you happen to be my neighbor and reading this then...*hint*hint*
Ballast Point Even Keel San Diego, California, American Pale Ale, 3.5% abv
THANK YOU DEBBIE, FOR HELPING MAKE THIS BUSINESS WHAT IT IS TODAY.
Doreen gave a glowing report on ADAA (All dolls are Art) the conference in Austin. Next year it is July 26-29th. She took a class with Lisa Renner and Cindi Mahlstadt.
If you have any animal homes, tools, materials or building plans that we can explore in the classroom, please send them to school. Please label them so that we can return them to you at the end of the month.
Needless to say I got a lot accomplished that day.
Ah! Ah! Ah! Give me some again,
I haven't posted in several weeks, mainly because I was working on
Notes from an Exhibition by Patrick Gale - this was heavier, more serious than I had expected; it explores the links between artistic talent and mental illness, and the tension for a woman in reconciling her role as a mother with her need as an artist to create; brilliantly constructed it goes backward and forward in time and swaps between the viewpoints of different characters;
And if you’re thinking you might like to see them live, there are a few venues still not sold out, according to their web site.
Is life getting faster a phenomenon of aging or is life really getting faster? Does having instant information, instant communication, instant purchasing power and on the list goes make it feel like life is going faster, or is it just that the shadow of life behind me is so much longer now than what lies ahead? Not all of my friends are my age. Some are considerably younger, yet I hear from everyone how fast it all seems to be going.
Preston Castle closed its doors for good about 50 years ago. In recent years it has become quite a hot spot for the paranormal, with individuals from shows like Ghost Hunters and Ghost Adventures coming through and spending the night in lockdown to see if there is any residual presence of a brutal unsolved murder in the kitchen, or any sense of the many who stayed, and presumable died, in the castle’s infirmary wing.
Jeremy Lin: Save your money.
To prepare glaze, combine powdered sugar and remaining ingredients, stirring until well blended, drizzle over cooled cake.
The boy nodded.
5/21 New York, NY - The Studio at Webster Hall
Progression. It’s what the human race has always been about. Think of the path we’ve taken to reach where we stand today. We discover the wonders of fire. We invent the wheel. We make tools. Discover electricity. Buildings. Phones. Automobiles. Trains. Planes. Computers. Rocket ships. Remote-control operated anal beads.
In compliance with 80’s horror movie rule #4589 there are a lot of naked chicks on this movie. There is this one really random sequence that has a girl caressing her boobs for what seemed like forever! They don’t even show the actresses face, they just focus on her cleavage as she strokes it for minutes on end, then she proceeds to go out of her room and kill her dad with an ashtray! That’s the kind of movie this is ladies and gentlemen! The kids evil acts begin to escalate in nature until at one point, the teachers pet tries to give the teacher a blow job! When he refuses, she transforms into a cheesy puppet creature! And then the teacher tries to fight it off with a tennis racket! Like I said, this is a movie with people fighting puppets. It is kind of hilarious to see the actors going for it, trying to believe they are fighting a real thing and not some lousy, low budget hand puppet. And speaking of the actors, some of the them look like they are reading their lines from a card board! To top things off, the teenagers are played by actors who are obviously NOT teenagers!
Now excuse me while I go cry in a corner, once I've tidied the lounge room of course!
The strange, yet oddly comforting way the minister followed behind the coffin, still preaching, accompanying my grandfather out to the hearse.
Lucky Bears – Shake Your Nipples
In my real world job I get to work quite a bit with photographers, so I take an interest in what is - and isn't - a good image in an editorial context. A friend sent me an online lecture by the photo director for National Geographic, who's called David Griffin.
Matthew D. Horning, 26, Hoboken, N.J.
Lucky for me I had the camera. There were other people with cameras but I didn't ask for copies of any of their pictures. I am just hoping to not see myself on youtube. It was special.
I envy the air,
(when Apollo’s howls are loudest),
We further wish to state that up till now no feedback has ever been received from Delhi patent office on any of the search reports submitted by us in spite of our repeated requests. If they had any comments or feedback (positive or negative), they could have communicated the same to us in the first instance. Without knowing the background and context of the whole matter, it is unfair on the part of commentator to question the quality of work done by us or highlight only a particular portion of certain document."
08/30/2010 SELL 0.01 audnzd 1.2672
Awww...I love that someone finds us inspirational! We'll keep doing what we are doing then!
From Army.MilJOINT BASE LEWIS-McCHORD, Wash. (April 26, 2012) -- Joint Base Lewis-McChord will soon be home to the headquarters of the 7th Infantry Division, Secretary of the Army John McHugh announced today.
8. Layla pinned Nikki Bella to win the Diva Title 5/10
To calculate EV, times and apertures, times ago it was used the table you saw before, now it's used the built-in light meter provided in all he new generation cameras.
life-altering method to habitualize mundane everyday tasks and incrementally improve happiness and well-being over time
First of all, our winner from last week is
Background Stamp (Unity Stamp Co. Vintage Chic Kit)
In contrast, I'm not very happy with my LA dermatologist right now. Revlimid didn't help but the cause of this was the trauma from his treatment.
The book “Prescription for Nutritional Healing” by James and Phyllis Balch lists aspartame under the category of “chemical poison.” While many still refuse to believe that toxic or otherwise health-harming ingredients would be allowed to be used in food manufacturing, the evidence against aspartame and other artificial sweeteners is, in my opinion, overwhelming…
I work with children and have a responsibility to protect them and the teachers as well. I will always err on the cautious side of the fence with such precious ones in my care. It is the right thing to do.
“Just what?” He retorted, lips curled in a snarky smirk.
Happy New Year, everyone.
All-inclusive restaurants and swim-up bars. Count me in.
Mr Francis said: 'He wasn't screaming, he was as relaxed as can be.
Certain regional allies of the US are also playing a dual game when President Karzai is going to take the Afghans into confidence over their future. The phenomenon that can hamper the Karzai’s initiative is the rising tide of violence. Even when all the Afghans want to get rid of wars and violence a minority of them can only thrive on the same. And this minority group is being patronised, financed and provoked by external financiers.
Level 16: STR: +48, Increases your attack speed.
As the central figure for his works, Ian Fleming created the fictional character of James Bond, an intelligence officer in the Secret Intelligence Service, commonly known as MI6. Bond was also known by his code number, 007, and was a Royal Navy Reserve Commander.
Solution: Develop an Operations and Training Manual: How-to: manual that describes in great detail everything that a person needs to know about how to do their job effectively and takes them through a focused training process
“Oh uncle, real soon”
I fill up a fermenting bin with water from a water butt and then add litre bottles of ice for the last 30 minutes or so of the boil. The chiller goes into the wort for the last 15-20 minutes as usual to kill off any nasties and then the pump is switched on when the boiler is switched off.
ALEX BRUMMER: JP Morgan Cazenove banker Ian Hannam mines his friends 05/04/12
In his first report, published last year, he said FTSE 100 companies should reach a minimum target of 25 per cent of female representation on the board by 2015. But he rejected the option of setting quotas, which exist in countries such as Norway.
nor storms, nor powers, not even God
Birmingham, MI 48009
I can’t thank them enough for my giving me life again
I, I think, am a cross between the two. I find I have to write a scene if it’s nagging at me or has just come to me in a flash of inspiration, even if I’m not sure where it fits into the narrative. I can work this out later. This would put me in the ‘writer’ camp. But on the other hand, in order to work out why something has happened, I often find myself having to plan the plot out, so that I can see the progression of the storyline. I often make a list of character traits, which incidentally, was last weeks homework task, and this would put me in the ‘planner’ camp. So, just to be contrary, I think I am neither one nor the other. But at the end of the day, a writer has to do whatever works for them.
Star is from Superstar Retro Sign
No one will
“Par exemple,” she said, “le mot: fucky.“
"What do you mean?" John smiles apologetically at Annabel. "I have a girlfriend, mother, she's sitting next to you. She gave you flowers at the door, remember?" He points at the vase. "You put them in water."
White Horse – Taylor Swift
We hope some of these will help you get even more from the site. Don’t forget if you need assistance you can always ask us directly. Google may not answer calls or emails but we do!
I’ll give credit where credit is due. The above pictures, along with the commentaries, were take directly from a blog called Refuting a Book of Lies: Forbidden Family.
Carolyn, who writes the blog Daniel's Gift, sent me some photos of her son Daniel and the iPad they received as one of our pair of Mission 2 Recipients. Carolyn timed the iPad to give it to Daniel for his 13th birthday. She wrote a bit about it on one of her posts about the birthday itself, and she shared this with us as well.
In the dawn of our falling apart
On the subject of the staff, overall I think that SBG has been received well. There are those who see it as a whole lot of work for no reason (thankfully in the minority) but mostly the staff see it as a positive and other staff are reporting their students are happier with the idea.
People in British Columbia are questioning the risk we are being asked to take with our environment and wilderness where this pipeline will snake over and around lakes and rivers and salmon spawning streams.
Unclear, however, is whether that new hour of Lauer is the 9 a.m. hour or the hour currently occupied by “Days of our Lives” — meaning NBC would add, yet, another hour of “Today.”
The embezzlement charge Sueppel faces carries a maximum penalty of 30 years in jail and a $1 million fine. Each money laundering charge is punishable by up to 20 years in jail and a $500,000 fine or twice the value of the funds allegedly stolen.
The party for Traci felt like the closing of a circle. Bittersweet, but a beautiful release nonetheless.
The most well-liked option will be the small black dress that is a should have for each and every wardrobe. It could be worn for each and every occasion, occasion and season, dressed down or formal.
Time certainly gets past me these days. Just now, I realized it has been seven days since I last posted anything. But I guess when every weekend is spent at the MoS's place and not mine, I don't spend much time on the computer at all. I do a quick check of emails, and zip through facebook for the latest, but that is all.
I also took the Magazine class. When I first read about this class it sounded like a good way to practice my writing, and I have to say that writing is an activity that I really enjoy, so I thought this would be the perfect class for me. And it was! Furthermore, I discovered that writing in a Magazine is more than just writing. It implies research, design, team work, editorial skills and all those things are possible only if you have a great guide, and that is something that ELTC offers. I had the opportunity to work with amazing teachers. I really appreciate their help, mainly with my writings, especially the help of my teacher Fiona. I definitely learned a lot from her.
People want to pray, but often they do not know how to pray. Public corporate prayer may help those who struggle to find the word for themselves to resonate with the words of another, and maybe to start to form those prayer for themselves.
I dare not trust the sweetest frame,
Oh wait there are.
Among the disc’s original compositions is “Hammerhead,” a track said to incorporate a horn arrangement into a wah-driven groove, and “Never Alone,” a soundscape that features a “high-flying” melody.
Stamp: A Tree
I actually bought this beer because the label states it’s brewed in Latrobe. Now back in the day, I drank me a few gallons of another Latrobe product known as Rolling Rock (or Rolling Boulder in my circle). Sadly, Rolling Rock has evidently moved out of Latrobe, having been swallowed up by the Bud monster. But alas, all is not lost for the good union working folk of Latrobe, because according to this Wickety Whacked Wikipedia Entry, Iron City has moved in to fill the void left by the Rolling Rock. (I wonder if Iron City now springs forth from those glass-lined tanks that used to produce Rolling Rock?) While I’m happy for the folks who might otherwise have been left jobless by the departure of Rolling Rock, this Iron City ain’t no Rolling Rock; a statement that strikes me as funny, since it’s akin to saying that turd there tastes better’n this turd here. (The departure of Iron City from it’s home in a Pittsburgh suburb to Latrobe apparently wasn’t without some rancor, but I’ll let you Google all that on your own if you’re interested in the dirt.)
Sound was a good thing, but if you loved films in 1930, you might have wondered. Perhaps 3-D has a similar path ahead of it? Clash was, and Step Up in 3D appears to be, laughable. As in, the audience was openly laughing at them while they were on-screen. Nobody thinks Clash or Step Up will be good, or even decent. And this could be considered the collective opinion of an audience that should like both films, at least from a marketer's perspective.
blister the tongue
Courier-Life coverage
Most states already give motorcyclists the option of riding helmetless under certain conditions. Supporters of allowing that option in Michigan say it could boost motorcycle tours and events in the state.
Modesty hides my thighs in her wings,
Greg X Volz came in from Nashville the same day of the concert. He and his band arrived like clockwork and set up their equipment. Greg and Mark and their bands ran sound checks and with plenty of time to spare the concert set-up was finished. The caterers had the food ready and everyone got their suppers. I found myself alone at a table in one of the backstage rooms with Mark and a young man that I had gotten to help with set up. Mark led us in a prayer and then the three of us ate.
Chris Petrella (REP) 0.37% 16
South Africa’s representative to the IAEA, Abdul Minty, abstained from an IAEA vote on Iran on Nov. 24, 2005. The license was delivered three days later, the complaint states.
Friday, May 18
Installing Ikea cabinets is probably a bit easier then buying them :oP. They even come with a handy DVD showing a family with a small child, baby and dog assembling/installing them together as some sort of strange rainy day activity.
I promised her I'd do the same, as soon as I had some extra money. So here goes.
They turn, I feel their cold bones shake;
"We aim to create another Jameson -- we are thinking at that kind of level. We have to make sure we do not run out of whiskey in three years' time," he said, explaining that this potential shortage explained the abrupt nature of the withdrawal.
It's SALE TIME!!! I've decided to mark the end of this year with a sale so I'm re-listing many goodies at 25% off. I don't normally have a sale like this at the end of the year but I just think it's something I need to do to help me bring new energy into my life and work. So if you have a few minutes please hope on over to my Etsy shop and take a look around. You might find something you wanted on sale ....... :) Oh, and I'll be adding goodies throughout the next few days so stop on by later as well.
Quite simple this. When I die, every single cloud up in heaven will have Gemma Arterton sitting on it, each one representing the things that I would like to do.
I wanted to add in the woodgrain backgrounder but wanted a little more of a modern spin on it so I stamped it on acetate. I layered it all over beautiful Melissa Frances paper and used these rose resin embellishments from Melissa Frances as well.
1). Most Beautiful. This was probably the hardest category (along with cutest), because nearly all animals are beautiful in some way. But since we have spent rather a lot of our time looking at birds (some might label us with the term “bird nerds”), I decided to go with a bird. And the winner is.............. the Inca jay. This gorgeous creature is a social bird, always chattering away with other nearby jays. They are also very intelligent (as far as birds go), one of the few known species that make use of tools, using sticks to probe into crevices and holes to retrieve insects to eat.
how do we know
Old Post Office Pavilion
Now I've opened my little book shop, and you who live outside of Sweden have finally a change to get your own copy. Here are the facts (updated 12-04-24, I had wrong info about the freight costs):
“Although one needs to understand that we must begin not from the monkshood, but by putting in order all in our usual working activity, family and other aspects of our social lives.”
SNAP happens to be one of the programs Republicans plan to cut in order to pay for tax breaks for millionaires and to give the Pentagon more money than it even wants. If Paul Ryan, John Boehner, and their fellow Republican Catholics in Congress think we should be following the moral dictates of the Church, they might want to reconsider those Church-endorsed programs that bishops say address “the needs of the hungry, the homeless and the unemployed first” and “reflect the shared responsibility of government and other institutions to promote the common good of all, especially ‘workers and families who struggle to live in dignity in difficult economic times.’”
The only people that think austerity is a dirty word are tax-and-spend liberals.
I'll still keep this blog up though, so you can read back on all of the cool stuff I've made and gushed about hahaha
The winner will get to choose between the 'girl' prize or the 'boy' prize. Just let me know which you would prefer.
Not sure why I couldn’t get the camera to clearly focus, but the pictures give you some idea of the boats. Interestingly enough, the reflections in the water are in perfect focus. Go figure!
Angkor was astounding, life changing, and I get to go again over Christmas.
I didn't really want to give away my copy of the Legend ARC. NO I DIDN'T! I wanted to be completely selfish and keep it for myself and croon over it, calling it my precious. But then again, I'm a big fan and supporter of Marie's and I know how a good ARC contest can really help spread the word on a good book. So in the name of friendship, I am holding this contest for one lucky winner.
Apple and Android’s success was at the expense of BlackBerry maker RIM and Nokia, whose smartphone share halved over the period (although it is in the process of mounting a fightback with its new Microsoft Windows-based handsets that will be released in New Zealand next month).
So we learn at the start of the episode there is discontent amongst the student body about the school council president! She’s saying they should wait! I don’t give a fuck!
Mr. Gogt.
(1 second reaction)
That was me. I’ve wanted to blog for years and I knew it had to be something about writing, but what? I am involved in so many areas of writing – writing short stories, writing memoir, writing personal essays, writing a novel (or rewriting, more accurately), writing magazine and newspaper articles, teaching writing workshops and courses, and the other side of the fence – editing books and short stories. Encompassing all that in one blog could put the posts all over the place.
She smiled coyly at him as he sank into the sofa next to Denise, who had abandoned the vibrator for the real thing. She was bent over, her hands resting on the sofa back, as Tony rammed into her from behind. Roger lay beneath her, his fingers ticking her clit, and his mouth fastening to her nipples as her tits swung free.
Now that I'm older and it's practically pointless, I wonder: what did he think of his life as he lay dying? During those final months, knowing he was out of chances to make things right, knowing it was too late to start on another path and redeem the time he had left, did he have regrets?
(I’m pretty sure I got this recipe from my mom, years ago. It is a great family favorite!)
whose origins are from of old,
I mean, look, it’s an awful movie in a traditional sense, but it’s not an awful Chuck Norris movie, and it’s the film that inspired Norris to make Walker, Texas Ranger, so we owe/”owe” it that.
Man, I've been slow about getting to this post, but the time is now I suppose. It's been a week since we got back! Enough already!
6 Rescue
It’s not about wanting secularism and dreaming of the opportunities it might present. It’s about being able to shape the Lebanese formula on its basis without creating problems. And it will take a while, I guess.
I'm a total novice with this puppy stuff.
The very romatic and magical with element of mystery. Very personal book for me, my father read it to my mother when she was pregnant with me. Leaves a great feeling of lightness after reading.
Rule #2: No Currently Popular Acts
Manufacturing can be a major factor in reducing our country’s trade deficit.
942 W. Lake St.
While all this has been going on, my hubby was laid off starting June 1st! The refinery where he worked was slated to be shut down but it has been bought by a new company that has already started to refurbish and get it ready to reopen some time early next spring. Hubby is supposed to start back by October or November (it may be even sooner) so in the meantime, we are getting things done around the house and taking a few short trips. The refinery where he works is the only one on the east coast of the US that can process sour crude (crude oil from the Middle East) and I was sure it would never actually be shut down, but it was scary until it was announced in April that it had been sold! Yeah!! A lot of thanks goes to our great governor here in Delaware and his staff who worked tirelessly to get the deal done. They also were able to get a deal with Fisker Automotive to start producing electric cars in the old GM plant here in Delaware. All in all over 3000 people will be brought back to work thanks to their quick thinking and determination to get the state 'back to work'. Thank you, Governor Markell!!!!
I never would have thought my roommates would catch on to all three aspects of my PSP, but I was wrong. My last part was riding my bike to class as much as possible and I have inspired my roommates to take part again! They aren’t going to go out and buy bikes but they will be getting roller blades! They are excited to put them to use this summer and have fun while working out and helping reduce our CO2 emmisions. I’m excited as well to have them participate. I never thought my PSP would be this sucessful and, you better believe that we will keep doing this after thex class is over.
Teesha Moore Hmmm....that's a toughie. obsessive compulsive. More is more. stream of consciousness. Not self conscious.
As the clock ticks, I close my eyes and see clearly a new Kenyan phoenix rising from the forty eight year old rubble of corruption, repression and contagion.
Coriander Powder : 2tsp
President Obama launched the America’s Great Outdoors Initiative (www.americasgreatoutdoors.gov) in 2010, calling on the Secretaries of the Departments of the Interior and Agriculture, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, and the Chair of the White House Council on Environmental Quality to develop a 21st-century conservation agenda that will protect America’s natural and cultural resources, and connect people to the outdoors through jobs, education, recreation and service.
...all consumed during one rainy week in Paris.
Can you say that in difficult times you will submit to the Lord’s purpose and trust that He will be glorified? God uses all things for His glory. Once we look into the mirror of His glory, we will find that He can transform our hearts, and whatever He wants us to do, He takes responsibility for providing for it to be done.
Jami: I write. This has actually helped with my own healing. I have a blog that includes posts about infertility. I submit articles to publishers. I'd love to start a support group but that always makes me nervous. Things like that are so important, though. Infertility is a very lonely affliction.
coadjutor) who served on the Jesuit Georgetown University’s Center for
That made us feel so small?
While behavioral targeting can be critical, the more data you have on the consumer, the better picture you can draw. “We tend to want to simplify and specify and people are outstanding at having simultaneous identities,” said Wing’s Mr. Speyer.
The first rule of Diet Club is -- you always talk about Diet Club.
This cake is very very yummy. I made it this afternoon and there is about 2 slices left. Perfect for supper, which will be as soon as I hit the publish button!
The combination marks the beginning of the end of the current American regime.
Born into a life of secrets and service, Chrysabelle’s body bears the telltale marks of a comarré—a special race of humans bred to feed vampire nobility. When her patron is murdered, she becomes the prime suspect, which sends her running into the mortal world…and into the arms of Malkolm, an outcast vampire cursed to kill every being from whom he drinks.
“Oh, is it a long list?”
Below is a pic of ladies waiting half an hour before my scheduled timeslot. I decided to slip in an extra demo due to demand!
Let's Party....
Because she's a journalist, Laurie's stories are factual. There's little embellishment which means you're always secure in the knowledge that you're getting the truth. She's never mean about people. She'll tell you just the right fact to help you get the entire picture about a person or a situation. And her narrative is riveting, whether she's writing about her childhood, her travels or her
The following creations have been made using items from a little package from Gerri!! Gerri sent out packages of her stash to particpants and we had to make a creation using 4 or 5 items from the 'stash'. Gerri will be displaying all the particpants work on her blog! I can't wait to see what amazing creations everyone has made!!
'Another important part of editing is ruthless cutting. Frequently, I pruned short stories from 3,000 to 2,000 words in order to hit a particular word limit. I had to apply that same ruthlessness when I edited my first novel “Heaven Can Wait” from a 100,000 word first draft to a much less baggy 80,000 words. Every word should count and if a particular scene bores you it’ll bore the reader, so cut it or rewrite it until it sparkles!'
North Korea had earlier announced it would send a three-stage rocket mounted with a satellite as part of celebrations honoring national founder Kim Il Sung, whose 100th birthday is being celebrated Sunday.
You could even choose your favorite desert collection towel! The towel on the right reminds me of the Hèrmes cashmire plaid.
I am waiting for this holy moment.
(CLEVELAND, February 17, 2009) Krylon®, inventor of the first aerosol clear
All in all Creature was enjoyable and not a complete disappointment and better than most creature features (fuck you Sci-Fi channel).
The producers explained that the hardest part of the show is watching these individuals do things that are wrong, and having to sit there and let it happen. One example of this is on the “True Life: I’m Moving to New York” episode where the girl on the show is trying to find her way on the subway to make it to an interview, but she gets on the wrong train. The producer knew it was the wrong train, and the girl on the show even asks the producer if it’s the right one (not shown on the actual episode but it was shown in this special), but the producer can’t say anything because that wouldn’t be real life.
i swear, if i am fortunate enough to live as long as she has, i have learned my lesson! be joyful in every moment, give more than you receive and be grateful for the marvelous quality of life that you have!
So can we do that everyone? Can we think of the poor, poor chickens? Aren’t chickens–like women–livestock too? I know they lay eggs, but sometimes those eggs are empty, and then used in Easter egg hunts.
And a glory that shines upon our tears.
Peanut has been talking since she was 2 months old and I am not exaggerating. Her first word at 8 weeks old was “mama”. She was speaking on a three- four year old level at 18 months. She apparently does not want to share that vocabulary at school. She is extremely quiet her teacher says. As soon as she gets in the car, she is nonstop chatterbox. She tells me all about her day. She is very independent at home. She is new to preschool this year where as all the other kids have been in some kind of program for a long time. She never participated in an Easter Egg hunt before but did quite well with her sister on Easter. She found 18 eggs all by herself. She builds these incredible things out of legos and blocks. She is in ballet and tap. She loves to run and jump and sing.
In my previous post I 'wrote' about Stillness - the ever present ... our connection with our Inner Self. If you look at a horse, it is completely surrounded by Stillness and if you enter the space of a horse ... you can feel this 'presence.'
- follow me on blogger
Originally Posted March 11, 2012
So... what am I going to do about all this excitement? I'm going to have a giveaway! You can get both of these adorable packets.
The luck of the Irish. Might be the time to head out and kiss that Blarney Stone.
Papers: Dovecraft - Sugar & Spice
The authors of the study found that abnormal scores for the questionnaire were less common in children breastfed for at least four months (6%) than in formula-fed children (16%). Abnormal scores were also less common in term infants (12%) than preterm infants (15%). The authors of the study suggest that one explanation for the association of breast feeding with child behavior is that breast milk contains large amounts of essential long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs), growth factors and hormones, which have an important role in the development and function of the brain and central nervous system.
My friend Wendy is one of these people. We were not close in high school, but she has become my friend through Facebook. And right now, she is lying in her bed, receiving hospice care because this time--her second time dealing with breast cancer--she is losing her battle. I have gotten to know Wendy over the past few years like I never knew her when we were growing up. She has two adorable children. She loves John Waite and Motley Crue. She likes wacky hair color and funky glasses. And she is, more than anything, a fighter.
10:37 PM – We recap last week’s Monday Night RAW confrontation between Brock Lesnar and Triple H. It was pretty damn amazing, I hope you remember it. Michael Cole gives us an update on the injured COO, Triple H. He will require surgery on his elbow, and is using a mechanical brace for support.
Deirdra: Can you tell us a little about Woman of Honor and Knight of Glory.
How I did it: I washed the plants very carefully, removing all the earth without losing any of the plant itself. then I chopped it all very small, stuffed it into a small kilner jar – it came to the top – and added 40% vodka, to the top. This was then tipped into a bowl and I ‘blitzed’ it with the braun shredder, and tipped it back into the kilner jar. The top rim was carefully cleaned and then the jar sealed and labelled. This will now be shaken twice a day for 14 days, when I shall strain the mixture through a square of cotton muslin. The tincture will be ready to take then. 5ml twice a day, until it is gone.
I’m going to take some time to look at the little word ‘if’ and some of the if statements in the Bible. I think as I bring them up, you will find yourself realizing how many times we have ignored this little guy, yet should pay all the attention in the world. It could mean the difference of life and death, right and wrong, receiving and not.
I think I might even be able to get my teenager interested in some of those.
Picture Mode : Vivid
Think you yet that I these bare verses do compose
"Eat it!"
Saratoga - Alabaster Size 6
I'm going to close with a very cute little story. I hope you enjoy...
The state of Maryland granted me a year from expiration to renew. If I missed that deadline, I’d have to take the test again. The embarrassment of doing that was the only motivator to get it done. Let’s be honest — taking two children under the age of two to the DMV is a special kind of hell. No matter how much you love those children.
"At the time Beth and I married, Karla was in the throes of her disabilities, Bipolar and Borderline Personality disorder, which left her in some ways to struggle with forever being a child herself, subject to whim or sudden changes of heart. Like a balloon adrift on the wind, she would step out to pick something up from the grocery store and not come back for literally a year or more. This is not to diminish Karla as shallow or careless. Karla had an extraordinarily deep and tender soul. Inasmuch as she struggled to breach the threshold of her illnesses, she had a depth of feeling and understanding that was wise many times beyond her years. The pain of birthing children and ultimately having to let them go, to be raised by someone else, gave Karla a depth of insight that few people have on what a privilege it is to be a parent. It was something she ached for. Children, having them, loving them, wanting the best for them were at the core of her being. And though she was always openly thankful to us, it was always her aspiration to break through one day and to recover some of the years of parenting she had missed.
In reality however, I believe that the Army’s difficulty in deciding upon a replacement to SNATCH was in part caused by their concern over the likelihood of FRES budgets being cut to fund a SNATCH replacement vehicle.Though this whole affair, therefore, we have seen the most egregious failure of the Army. But we now also see the continued failure of the media to understand and deal with the issues, missing the point again and again, always going for the cheap shots, without even beginning to understand what was involved.
This is a quote from the NSIDC which leaves some speculation as to what is taking place up here this summer. Sounds similar to my 2007 success on Cloud Nine but less rapid breakup of the ice. What will we see?
This is long, and I've written before, a couple times, how hard the weight gain has been on me, etc. so if you don't really find any of this interesting, stop reading now. I won't mind.
He has won songwriting contests at the Rocky Mountain Folks and Merle Watson festivals, been selected as a New Folk Finalist. With the help of a 1999 WNC Regional Artists grant, he continued his studies of Hindustani classical music and the sarod (a 25-string fretless Indian lute) with world famous Indian musician Ali Akbar Khan in San Rafael, CA. He was awarded a 2003 Songwriter/Composer fellowship from the NC Arts Council.
I’m actually really glad for Mitchell’s friends to do things with us because it’s a great way to get to know the kids in his class. And he couldn’t have picked a nicer girl to hang out with than this one.
Reader David sent a photo of his daughter’s cat, named “Latke” (latkes are potato pancakes: the apotheosis of Jewish cuisine). Re this name, David said, ” When I was married, we got the cat near Passover. My ex-celebrated the holiday, I never really did.” He adds:
"...The solution is obvious enough: match China's move down the many-and-cheap scale by taking advantage of emerging naval UAVs that are capable of landing on less-than-super-sized decks.
To return to the main store please click here: http:www.Marlasmud.etsy.com
Ok fine, so girls around the world started to put in their “about” part in Facebook or any other social sites, that they “listen to bands” but on the contrary, they only know one band. Like this conversation I had on Omegle:
Jen: How was school today? Did you play with Lily and Sadie?
Happy scrapping :)
Breads
4.When I was 6 I moved to Dominica (Caribbean island) with my mom while she attended medical school. This is one of my fondest memories! I loved it there and hope to go back for a visit one day.
German Chancellor Konrad Adenauer in 1963 at the sight of the Berlin Wall
Did you share your knowledge with others?
Myth #7 – Introverts are weird
Focussing on the “Why” (as this is the cornerstone of great businesses and the other questions are ‘operational / management issues’ and therefore not necessarily concerned with the act of leadership):
Thirdly, after surviving the said Puppy Invasion (yes, they all went to good homes and FAST - HALLELUJAH!) we put hardwoods down throughout our home....phew. Then I had another weak moment and let my husband REDO our entire kitchen. New Cabinets, Counters, Floors, everything. We are waiting on the final shipment of flooring to come in so it will match the rest but it is alllllllllmost done. And I l.o.v.e. it. I love it enough to almost want to start cooking in it. Disclaimer: almost.
Once again I have to start a post with a ginormous thank you.
150gr honey
He was openly rude to Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu and snubbed our British cousins in a variety of ways that did not go unnoticed. It’s hard to find a foreign leader that does not consider him to be an idiot even if they won’t go on record to say it.
As many of you may remember, I took a week of holidays in February, and stated that I’d be writing a symphony and a book that week. I did work on both, though I did not finish either. I learned in that week, that there is a very big difference between ‘a beginning’ and ‘the beginning’. I have hundreds of the former, and only one of the later. (As it should be?)
Whiskers is grounded. Under house arrest. Inside from 5pm onward come hell or high water.
We are becoming homeowners!
Carrot, 1 pc, cut into 1”x ¼” x ¼ “
Line 6: and I'll drag you to Hell, my friend. b
1 3/4 cup cashews
What I liked less.
Somewhere in the mist of the romance associated with vampires and their undying love, we choose to forget that everything about them is shaped to be the most deadly of predators. Everything about them, their smell, their beauty, their charm, their speed, their strength, the seductiveness is meant to draw you in for an easy kill. Because let's face it, humans would be easy prey. If they existed there would be a never-ending suicidal train of humans longing to be Vlad's Elisabata. Male and female..lol. To me it would make more sense for vampires to be dark beings. They live forever and probably within the first 100 years have had a taste of every decadence and pleasure available, only to take the next 100 years and explore what not only can be stretched, but also can be improved. Such is the case with Christian, our not so virtuous hero. He found Juliette at a rather young age and remained fascinated with her throughout her growth into womanhood. Six years is a drop in the bucket to a vampire but the patience is quite another thing altogether. It was a six year torture for the man himself of waiting for the right time to strike. For even though he knew he would eventually destroy her, the temptation she presented pushes aside all residual human emotions with the exception of possessiveness. But could he save her? Or would she become just another on his list and in his locked room?
Yeast nutrient. ( add as per instructions)
This shows me that the writer could be weak in a number of areas.
“I should look at this…ah…painting on the wall…pretend to look deep in thought.”
*****to be continued (again) lol.
Jermaine Dupri will be at Tryst
30. Boys couldn’t care less about Barby.
Coldplay is on and I ggured ou t the host is Emma Stone, but I don’t remember seeing her before she introduced fucking Coldplay. Why is their set fucking UV neon? Aren’t they supposed to be hippies and warriors with color armbands or something?
Sometimes I am just tired of talking about this incest stuff. I do a lot of reading and I like writing and sharing my feeling here, but I am just tired of TALKING about it. Because talking leads to these questions in my head:
My camera is charged and ready to grab some fab pics of all the new releases........including October Afternoon, Stampers Anon, Ranger, Graphic 45 etc. etc. etc......not to mention the Blog Candy I intend to blag along the way !! So, keep your eyes peeled and get ready to grab some of the CHA Blog Candy goodies which will be appearing over the next few days :)
Many of the jobs right now are in the areas of environmental health and safety and waste management, says Kevin. A person in waste management would, for instance, monitor the waste and air emissions from landfills. They might also develop various ways of capturing the gas and using it for energy. They could also set up recycling facilities and create programs to deal with waste in an environmental way.
As for Lenny Kravitz’ little girl, Miss Zoe is still honing her acting chops but she did alright. I’m just glad they didn’t show Angel laying eggs or eating her dinner like a fly. Blech. Oh, and she was rescued by Wolverine and brought to Professor X…not found by Cerebro. I already brought up how Havok should not be in the picture yet but I’ll add one more bit. Much like Shaw, Alex has to store up energy in order to be able to send out blasts of plasma. It’s not infinite. So that whole bit about him being in jail because he can’t control himself was definitely manufactured for the film. Sean Cassidy was another puzzling addition for me. He had a whole life as a detective in Ireland and was involved in the whole IRA thing. Banshee was a codename assigned to him by Factor Three who forced him to commit crimes by strapping a headband full of explosives to him. Stylish, right? He was later rescued by Professor X but not before he pissed off his brother, Black Tom Cassidy and lost his daughter, Siryn…all of which happened before he joined the X-Men. I honestly don’t remember much about Darwin, other than him being a ghost for a while, but I’m pretty sure he never got killed off.
You could say I was a little spoiled.
If you are making gravy, add the Vegan spread to the pan and let it melt. Sprinkle the whole-wheat pastry flour into the pan and mix it through well, letting it cook until you can’t see the flour any more. Add the vegetable broth and mix it well. Let it cook on low heat until the gravy thickens. If you want more gravy, add more broth. Add the spinach at the last minute so it just has time to wilt.
Socially, spiritually and religion wise, the BLEAK nature of the landscape of ONE god-ism is especially marked in contrast to the richness and diversity of the Rig Vedic tradition. Here, there is no ONE god that is imposed on anyone. Instead we have an Infinite Being that is described by humans as being eternally Existent, Conscious, and Blissful (Sat, Chit, Ananda respectively). We can speak of it as Satchidananda. And the earth, especially the Punya Bhumi (sacred earth) is peopled by a plenitude of Gods and Goddesses who are manifestations of this Infinite Being. This is no angry or jealous god who threatens punishment, hell fire and damnation if HE is not worshipped.
Alternate: Scott Neustadter + Michael H. Weber, (500) Days of Summer
Good luck making some of the hardest trick shots on a mobile device with Dude Perfect. Hit the download link below and give it a try today. The game is compatible with almost every decently powered device including every tablet I’ve ever owned, so enjoy it and let us know what you think once you give it a try.
Contestant: Shark.
The 2009 Alma Negra Misterio ($40-$45) is a red blend and may contain Malbec, Petite Verdot, Merlot, Bonarda and Cabernet Sauvignon. Ernesto wants to keep the blend a mystery, to prevent any preconceptions based on knowing the grapes involved. It is primarily in the U.S. where people constantly want to know the grapes within a wine. Only 1000 cases were produced, and it has an alcohol content of 14%. The wine had a sweet spice aroma, with hints of blackfruits. On the palate, it was decadently smooth, with a complex melange of spice, vanilla, blueberry, ripe plum, and more. It was well structured with a long and pleasing finish. A hedonistic wine meant to savor, and which does not require food to enjoy, though it definitely would pair well with a fine steak or hearty dish. I was very impressed with this wine and highly recommend it.
The likes of Stephanie Messenger, who want to teach children to “embrace childhood disease”, and have to mislead them (deliberately or otherwise) about the facts to achieve that goal, provide about the biggest challenge out of anyone I ever try to empathise with. They want to make the western world’s relationship with preventable diseases more like that of Africa, before a major vaccination initiative on that continent started saving around 300,000 lives every year.
I don't know about you, but I LOVE cheese. There's nothing more warming then a griilled cheese and soup for lunch, in the fall or winter.
“Our first technology was speech. Did you know that? From there our technological innovations became our evolution, eclipsing the hit-and-miss advancements of our biology exponentially! To what end? Well you know that, Mister Tanner, and that’s why you’re here. Because of your friend and her immortality.”
Tris suffers so much throughout this novel. With having to kill Will, and her mother and father sacrificing themselves for her at the end of Divergent, Tris is wracked with grief and guilt, to the point where she actually struggles to function normally. She becomes terrified of using a gun, throws herself into unnecessary reckless situations, and simply can’t get past what has happened. This puts a lot of pressure on her relationship with Four, who loves her beyond words, yet can’t seem to shake her out of her self-destruct mode. Add to that the fact that he's suffering from his own demons and seems to be hiding things from her too, and you’ve got yourself a hurting couple who need each other more than they can possibly say, yet can’t help spitting fire and venom at one another. It is so unbelievably sad knowing how much they feel for each other and just how much they desperately need each other’s help, and to then see them feel unable to simply reach out for the other’s hand. It’s incredibly sad. Saying that, when no harsh words are spoken, the fire that burns between them rivals that of any other YA couple going. The chemistry between the two of them is so intense, it crackles right off the page. This is what makes them one of the most believable YA couples going; they have the love, the passion, the devotion, but they have their issues too. No relationship is perfect 100% of the time, and the fact that these two have their problems makes it all the more real. Their relationship is so beautiful, it shines.
I think my jaw hit the floor. "Wait. No. It's not ok. I am not cutting off all his hair!"
The full title of the talk I mentioned is I wouldn't do that if I were you: 149 simple, stupid and amazingly popular ways to screw up your business.
Identifiable both by its distinctive seedhead and its leaves, which are folded at the base, Orchardgrass is an increasingly-popular species both for pasture, silage, and hay. In addition to its self-propogation properties, Orchardgrass is a robust producer in the vegetative state, outperforming Kentucky Bluegrass and Timothy while being more palatable to livestock than other high producers like Reeds Canarygrass. Orchardgrass also is tolerant to close grazing, and as long as the base and tillers are left behind, regrows vigorously after close cutting or chomping that would kill Timothy.
I have evaluated the people that have been most “vocal” about what they think and how involved they seem to be and have used that involvement to determine that they are most likely willing help with that particular part of the reunion. In some cases, I have identified a need or issue that needs some attention and have reached out to get the right person (based on what I perceive or know about them) to take the lead on those key aspects. I think that we have the right people on the team, now it is my chance to see if we can make a reunion that those in attendance will remember, and those that didn’t attend wish that they had. So what are we planning? Well, stay tuned I am sure that there is a lot to be learned over the next few months. I am certain to share some of that with you.
I could set the world aflame
This report uses the term “patent assertion entity” rather than the more common “non-practicing entity” (NPE) to refer to firms whose business model focuses on purchasing and asserting patents. Taken literally, the term NPE encompasses patent owners that primarily seek to develop and transfer technology, such as universities and semiconductor design houses. Patent assertion entities do not include this latter group.
12. Spring Arrives - Azam Ali / 5:18
Studio 490: Gentlemen's Art (let your heart lead the way)
Compensation – -0.7
1934-36 Batter-Up #136 Gabby Hartnett
or not to get Project Life...
MAC lipgloss Prrr (in the centre of the lips)
CSE is related to your thesis, one must keep a voice recorder that you do not know enough about computers to address these problems on a daily basis. This is where computer science you may want to be sorted and accessible on a previous work. Cell phones are a perfect guidance for this profession. The course trains you in the computer science online university. They may also work on programming both in-house and retail applications.
The mundane everyday life kicks back in .
The advantage of these couplings are manifold: for starters there's the cultural exchange, then, there's also the Latin person's contribution to Britain's multiracial rainbow and last but not least we must factor in the newcomer's professional experience.
Though Goering was a keen shot, both he and Hitler were passionately anti hunting with hounds. That’s not the reason I might have refused the gun had it been offered to me. There’s real, and then there’s real.
Dinah and the Libbies. And the expools and the men in general. I just love the power and energy they bring to the end of the book. They really teach Gaia so much about what she believes in, and they help Gaia remember that.
The church was designed by John James and that ubiquitous architect of churches, Nicholas Hawksmoor, the latter being responsible for the spire. Within a year of completion, the church suffered structural and subsidence problems and has led a chequered existence ever since, unable to be used as a church and virtually ruinous.
Song, my song, raise grief to music
frozen blueberries (1/4 cup)
Maintaining the Societal Status Quo
black peppers
Here the elf is riding a chicken, what fun he will be able to report to Santa tonight. I’m not sure chickens have the ability to be pissed off but if ever there was a case of “if looks could kill” I’m thinking this one would certainly qualify.
Unfortunately, this agenda is nothing new.
"Finally, recent studies show that genetic factors may predispose individuals to a genetic susceptibility to FM. For some, the onset of FM is slow; however, in a large percentage of persons the onset is triggered by an illness or injury that causes trauma to the body. These events may elicit an undetected physiological problem already present."
I am getting very tired of hearing the phrase 'I don't eat that much!' in response to counseling on weight gain. That phrase is right up there with 'I drink lots of water'. I wish I had a dime everytime I heard these phrases - I would be so rich! Usually after asking a couple questions I can find out what the pitfall(s) is/are. It's usually one of three things - 1. Eating mostly junk 2. Eating too much of healthy foods 3. Eating only once or twice a day. I always try to give kudos where they have been doing things well, such as good calcium intake, then set goals for the next visit as well as encourage exercise.
3 Tb potato starch
But now I can run wild with no waiting and now shipping fees. Have already ordered The Gospel according to Bruce Springsteen and Darkness on the edge of town (short stories using the themes in specific songs) and have samples of five others. I feel I am among friends.
Self-control
This cottage sits just above the bridge. It could only have been more charming if smoke had been curling out of the chimney.
Iron Hill Brewery & Restaurant Russian Imperial Stout
After that I stopped watching for him. Occasionally I glanced out of the window and saw his blue bobble hat emerging around the corner, or disappearing into the distance, but I looked away, or rolled down the blinds.
It feels like I've been here for ages. The Hague's not the center of the world, but I've fallen in love, he's proposed, and I guess that changes everything :D It's kinda weird I know, ME with someone, but he's hard to beat in all departments; and more than anything I'm thoroughly surprised at how things have panned out. I mean, he's the funny, intelligent, somewhat geeky, athletic, non-socially retarded type of guy I've been looking for. Those, in that particular combination, I've realized, are rare. He's also stylish, very neat, loves cooking and can probably kill someone with his bare hands if they'd tried to hurt me. (Well, he survived the war. And he was almost stabbed by some thug, once, which he then secured to a lamp-post. With a pair of hand-cuffs. The sort you get in the sex shop. The guy started crying and had to wait for the police to come free him.)
I laughed with the administrative assistant about how the reason so many women are single is because none of the guys treat them special anymore. I said, "No one wants to be romantic anymore!" But, I kind of meant it.
Twelve hormone disrupters, an average of four in each product, were also found in the fragrances tested in the Not So Sexy report. Halle by Halle Berry, Quicksilver and Jennifer Lopez’s J.Lo Glow all contained seven hormone-disrupting chemicals. The chemicals have been known to disrupt estrogen levels in women and androgen levels in men. Some are also linked to thyroid problems, breast and prostate cancer and obesity.
the laughing was the cherry on the sundae.
After we picked my dad up from the airport, I started sorting my clothes, since I need to pack! We're heading to our cottage Saturday, that day is very rapidly approaching, and we are most certainly not ready!
If we do not wake up to the truth of political correctness, then the lies of political correctness will destroy us all, for that is what they are designed to do.
A little research on The Chew website took me to Chef Symon's recipe, and so today, I'm going to give you a glimpse of what I cooked up using it, and some feedback on what I'll do differently next time.
She also cooks and has published a cookbook. I bought the cookbook a while back and have made several dishes from it. I have also made several dishes from her website. My hubby has loved each dish of hers I have made. It's simple down-home comfort food, the kind hard working cowboys eat. I am not married to a cowboy, but to a hard working southern boy who appreciates a good home-cooked meal. Ree's recipes come through every time. I post the recipes of hers that I make to Foodie Fans of the Pioneer Woman, a blog that loves Ree and her cooking.
Memorising the Quran is a terribly ineffective way of understanding it for those of us from non-Arabic-speaking backgrounds (and yet this is something we still push for in S’pore), but even for those who do speak it, the Quran is not written in everyday language. It’s like tackling Shakespeare or the King James Bible. It’ll sound pretty when you recite it and you might be able to appreciate the lyricism, but less so the nuances and shades of meaning. Which is what you’re in to learn! Memorising the Quran – becoming a hafiz(ah) – is a major religious accomplishment and I have no issues with it being recognised as such, but we need to stop pretending that this immediately blesses us with true understanding.
And my point is a series of questions to you people:
Actually, having now sampled the three most exotic Laughing Buddha beers, it seems more likely that the conversation didn't start with beer at all, but food. Northwesterners have really taken to Asian cuisine--in addition to the myriad Thai, nouveau Chinese, Malay, Korean, Cambodian, and Indian restaurants now festooning our neighborhoods, the techniques and ingredients of Asia are also drifting, as if by osmosis, into non-Asian dishes. It was only a matter of time before they drifted into the brew kettle as well.
The Summer My Life Began wasn't what I expected. I thought it would be a perfect summer read; light, nice and highly enjoyable. But while it was nice, it lacked the depth I seek in my reads. It felt like things were too good to be true. In this book everything was nice, everyone was always happy and excited. To the point that when there was some "trouble", it felt too forced and uncharacteristic and out of the blue.
Weaving, etc... you get the point.
Makes up packs of sliced veggies/salad stuff for meals.
By the time Andrew McMahon and company hit the stage, the audience was impatient and many of them intoxicated; such is the danger of a three-hour gap between doors and the headliner set. Luckily, Jack’s Mannequin delivers songs that mesh well with a happy, drunk crowd, and they did not fail to deliver, slamming their way through 100 minutes of hits and new songs perfectly arranged to keep momentum. It didn’t matter if you cared for or had even heard the new album; songs were dropped neatly between fan favourites and hits, which kept the “I’m too cool for anything after Everything In Transit” fans in check. These fans do exist, but are the definite minority, which is a good thing, since I feel Andrew has finally created a sound completely distinct from Something Corporate.
Book Received From: Penguin for Review
“I’ll still be your son,” he said. “I’ll just be 6 like all my friends. They’re fun.”
We are finally reaching a time when parents are standing up for the rights of their children and opting out of tests. Social media has played a great role in this where parents are able to find others from their state who are doing the same thing they are and also discover and share information and resources at sites like the Opt Out of Standardized Tests wiki. They are uniting and getting smarter about their parental right to decide what is best for their children.
Now the issue that prompted this post. Our company has negotiated to break the lease on our current office space, and in that negotiation, it was determined that the landlords of the building would keep all our furniture. Which is great, because now I don't have to arrange to have it moved to storage. What is bad is that we're not even out of here, and things are disappearing daily.
"When The Third Threshold of Hell Comes Knocking"
The routers plunge assembly -
Have you ever felt like Martha? We all have. But, it’s important to take a close look at what she is really worried about. Martha is telling Jesus that she is not being treated fairly. She wants others to start acting differently so that she will feel better. Sound familiar?
Calories: 534
happenstance
Recorded by Johnny Cash on 3/5/76
He was born in a small village called Mexbrough, South Yorkshire, but now lives with his wife and two young daughters in Southampton.
Eighteen year-old Brinn Hathaway has survived alone in an abandoned cabin in the High Country of North Georgia since she was a child. If her life is lonely and less than complete, at least she is safe from the man who kidnapped her, held her captive, and left her for dead in a shallow grave in the mountains. She believes that her parents are dead, the police are her enemy, and that if she returns to the world, her tormentor will find her. With the help of some unlikely friends, she has what she needs to survive, but is surviving enough?
Then one day you end up in Emergency
Without you I’m gone…
"I told myself I would NEVER have a blog, but after seeing all the wonderful cards that others' had, I just had to make a blog myself and share my cards - so here I am. I grew-up a dairy farmer in Alliance Ohio (if the name Yoder doesn't give it away) and I miss the country and farming very much. I love to make cards with a farm theme or cows on them. I have a WONDERFUL husband and two beautiful step-children and also a super cute three-legged dog named Buttons (she lost her leg because of a tractor accident) but she doesn't even know she's missing a leg; she runs so fast and is just an amazing, loving puppy. Thanks for stopping by and looking at my cards and for any comments left. It really is an honor."
I want to talk about the dreaded escapee muffin top.
cap'n sonnyboy #1
Everybody ask’s that same question each time England get knocked out,why do we play so badly,why cant we play with freedom,why do the players look unhappy and uncomfortable,Harry was also the players choice, because they know what kind of atmosphere he creates around training camps,before the terrible games in South Africa in 2010,Harry did some build up work for ITV,before the match started he performed a fake team talk to the England team,it was so motivating that I think I could have played well by the time his speech ended,instead they had a charmless pizza chomping manager communicating via sign language,Roy is an improvement on Fabio,but not by a huge margin.
It’s far from my understanding, how and in what way the Creator who programmed this Universe doesn’t know what’s going to happen next. Which is why he created the Oracle, an intuitive program to understand human psyche so that the Creator is able to balance the equation by deleting the anomalies.
· BUSINESS INVENTORY, MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT
To evolve, or if necessary to close a chapter ….
The ‘prize’ for me, is reaching the end of the sand, and being able to see the rocks up close. Watching the waves crash. The Ocean was pretty mild at Road’s End this day. It’s crazy how thick the clouds can be to block out the sun.
One of the things we had in common was a love for Chinese food and this dinner featured several of our favourite dishes.
Once the termination payments have been paid, then the pension kicks in.
Cottongrasses are not grasses at all, although they are close relatives. They are in fact sedges. There are about 25 species of cottongrass, all of which grow in boggy conditions. The cottongrasses get their name from the fluffy white fruiting heads which – in UK species – appear in May and June. This fluffy white ‘cotton’ was once used to stuff pillows, as an alternative to goose down. However, the strands are not long enough to spin into thread or weave into cloth.
“Swimming by Mail” a single channel work by Raul Marroquin Amsterdam 1973.
OH what a day! I met some good friends at the Big Stamp and Scrapbooking show at Alexandra Palace yesterday and had such fun! I saw my first view of "The Shard" as well!
"But" I hear ye ask, "whit dae DINOSAURS!!!! - fearful as they may be - have tae dae with the Ulster Scots?" A guid question, and wan worth addressin'. The answer can be foun' in new studies carried oot by the Department o' Auld Larnin' at the University o' Mid Antrim. Professor Willie McIlveen has been lukin at the DINOSAURS!!!!! to try as to ascertain wither or nae they were frae Scotland an' cud therefur be described as the first Ulster Scots. His larnin has revealed a couple o' startlin' facts -
What does China’s Wen mean when he says break bank monopoly? – April 04, 2012
My second thesis is that John loves repetition the way a patient teacher loves repetition. The reason you keep covering the same ground is because true mastery requires that it be re-trod. I say this because, when John repeats himself on a subject – as he does, often – each time he approaches the subject he does so from just a slightly different angle. If you have the picture of a great artist patiently pointing out to a young protégé the subtle variations in lilies, or leaves, or sunsets, or shoulders, or strands of hair, or the colors of eyes, I daresay that’s not a bad picture of John’s method.
About an hour and a half south of Cleveland, the facility makes a fascinating subject for photographers! Beauty on the outside, something else entirely on the inside! What a contrast. They do warn however that the peeling paint contains lead and may pose a hazard.
I'm not really sure how men work.
The envelopes could contain random extra loot such as horses = Lossoth Steed and Steed of the Dusk-watch. These are 68% speed 250 morale horses.
1/ Pair your classic navy striped top with a gorgeous pair of melon trousers and gladiator sandals for a look that says transcontinental chic. Sure, white jeans or pants would look great too, but the melon gives it a modern spin and helps you look up to the minute.
Saturday morning I was up bright and early, anticipating the highlight of the whole weekend- The Dirty Girl Mud Run!
There is a nice scene in one of the books (Chloe could tell me which one) where the kids realize that Professor Binns might be able to supply some information that they need. He is quite startled to find himself suddenly facing a roomful of attentive students. That, too, is a good metaphor. First, history is chock full of helpful information, and it is, sadly, all too rare for people to look there for answers. Second, kids are more attentive—their eyes light up!—when presented with information that is relevant to their lives. The books make it clear that the more typically dull eyes of Professor Binns' students reflect a problem not with them but with his snooze-fest teaching style.
Some people should just never ever write a metaphor or simile ever. St. Crow is one of those people.
The incident has caused outrage in the Chinese student community across the country and Xuan’s initial post was re-tweeted more than 10,000 times. Thousands of Chinese students have expressed their disgust online.
Okay, now that you're back, let's do some self-examination. Jennifer writes,
Honestly, I still enjoy many things about farm life, and love the pleasures of living in the country on our little farm today. But what I saw as limitations are gone. And yes, that’s really my tractor – a 1937 Allis Chalmers B.
It has been a long day. First thing this morning, we had to get a puncture fixed in Frankfurt – we are certainly glad that it happened in Frankfurt – our hotel insisted on somebody helping change the wheel and sending a member of staff with us to the tyre shop – German hospitality can really be exceptional! We finally left Frankfurt about eleven this morning and stopped just east of Nuremberg for a coffee and a sandwich before heading each for Prague. The five-hour drive from Frankfurt to Prague was pretty uneventful except for the Satnav playing up a bit – it kept on trying to suggest off-road options to bypass the autobahn repairs.
I saw this nifty spiral tutorial on Karen's Primitive Spirit blog. When I first saw it, I liked it but didn't think that it was something I wanted to do at that time. Well, I kept seeing it popping up on other wonderful hooking blogs that I love. The more I saw this pretty swirly spiral evolve, the more I wanted one of my own. I love it's hit and miss simplicity..........
grated zest of 1 lemon
As it turns out, he was right. I did get some leads for stories. It’s a good thing I’m a naturally friendly person. Once I got going, I was exchanging cards with people and talking a mile a minute.
1 cup Panko
This morning I arose fairly easily at 4:50am to go run. Sounds crazy even to myself who enjoys this kind of stuff. Having a couple crazy friends, Eugene and Dan, for company helps motivation. I always have to remind myself how good I feel seeing the sunrise over the Organ Mountains, the brisk cool air before the heat of the desert has a chance to torch the land and creatures and a personal sense of accomplishment well before most folks are heading to work or even waking up.
(Whew. You still with me? Good. If you're bored with this, scroll down. There's a hot picture of Sting on my last post.)
Since this is my workspace where I sew, blog, and craft
not missing a single beat.
Quality control: 9/10 Some of these cards were a bit dinged. Nothing terrible, just noticeable
I am, going to enter her in
Children will be able to meet a police horse from Avon and Somerset Police while adults can enjoy music performed by the West Mercia Police Band. There will also be a barbeque and other refreshments provided by Community Action Malvern.
To all the multitasking moms, daughters, aunts, sisters, and nieces, we're dedicating the month of May to you. Mother's Day is just around the corner, and National Women's Health Week is May 13–19.
There is no answer but the groaning continues. Like I've said, it’s a friendly kind of boozer in which I dwell so I push on the door slowly. It’s unlocked.
This Saturday I wanted to watch the FA Cup Final with some friends in Edinburgh so a walk in or around Edinburgh seemed a sensible choice. I therefore looked up the extremely useful Beercast Edinburgh Beer Weekly, found out that the Blue Goose on Lanark Road was having a May Day Weekend Beer Festival and decided I could work in a walk from Colington in the South-West of Edinburgh to the City Centre, around a visit to the Blue Goose.
Professor Dyer concludes that the Elder Things and their civilization were eventually destroyed by the Shoggoths they created and that this entity has sustained itself on the enormous penguins since eons past. He begs the planners of the next proposed Antarctic expedition to stay away from things that should not be loosed on this Earth.
one thing for you, absolute Humility also. (56)
The cabal members desperately hope the people will turn against each other, as it is their last hope to maintain any control over the situation.
We ended up at the Godspell lottery after not winning the Book of Mormon lottery – there were less people, and the odds were higher for winning. And we won.
With Thanksgiving just passing, pumpkin beer season is winding down although they still come in handy throughout the holidays. Cigar City's offering pours a deep burnt orange color that produced little to no head. There is a lot of allspice in the aroma with some hints of natural and earthy pumpkin. A decent dose of alcohol hits the nose as well, not something I was too fond of. At first, the allspice kinda takes over with along with a strong vanilla presence. There is definitely pumpkin and cinnamon going on but those flavors are a bit more subtle. The malt profile wasn't all that prominent which is something I think this brew could have benefited from. Herbal hops gave it a bitter finish which was just strange, I prefer my pumpkin ales a bit creamier. This reminded me of Southern Tier's Pumking in a lot of ways actually, not a beer I go gaga for either. Overall it was just a little too sweet for my taste without enough going on to support it. I had heard a lot of really great things before grabbing this bottle but it didn't really do it for me. I swear this will be the last pumpkin Taste Test for a while.
Built two planter boxes using stone, then filled them with top soil and planted grapes and Hosta..
You'd be better off buying a bottle of Sainsbury's own brand rosé champagne at £20 or, if you can't bring yourself to pour a bottle of own label for your beloved, take advantage of their current offer on Taittinger which they're selling at £23.32 instead of £34.99. Admittedly not pink but not bad for a grande marque. I'm less keen on Marks and Spencer's offer on Oudinot at £15 instead of £25. I've never liked the Oudinot label that much.
A caller to the show talks about how damaging fatherlessness is for male and female children, too. She refers to what we can see today in the inner city where fathers in the home have been replaced by checks from the government. Dr. Morse mentions that this is also occurring across all races among the lower income classes in the UK. She is concerned about the damage that can result if men lose their traditional role in society, and in the family.
As the egg tooth pushes against the shell it creates a small hole in the surface and cracks then begin to spread across it. A day or two after making the initial hole in the shell, known as a ‘pip’, the chick starts to move around inside the egg. As the chick turns around the egg tooth presses against the inside of the shell, eventually cutting a line right the way around. Once this is complete the chick is able to break out.
Before I moved to California from Texas, I used to work at a university. This university had a large state-of-the-art gym, and as a staff member, I was able to buy a membership there every semester. My husband and I would go there three times a week the majority of the time, and sometimes four or five. It had an indoor track, bike machines, ellipticals, treadmills, weights, mats … everything you would need. It also provided a great break in our routine, because it eased the transition from work to going home. Whatever frustration you’d have at 5:00, you would work it out in the gym, have a pleasant drive home, shower, and start your evening.
Electric universe proponent David Talbott takes up the Comet Elenin question from a vantage point generally ignored by both the scientific mainstream and the Internet popularizers of Doomsday speculations. What is the relationship of Elenin’s catastrophic demise to the larger, unsolved mystery of explosive comet disintegration? For a first look at the larger context, see “Seeking the Third Story”: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSB93dGMGeg
Wait. What does that say for me if I am not heeding his every bit of advice? Oh well.
Biermann was banned from publishing his poems, and performing his songs, Nina grew up in a household under suspicion by the state security police.
Just like the one on the left.
I’d love to do some non-fiction picture books – biography, history, science – particularly when the story revolves around a particular person; in essence, is still a character-driven story.
Wait a minute, some of you might be thinking – what the hell is Skiffle? It originally started here in the good old U.S.of A. in the early 20th century. It was plain jug /string band music that had acoustic banjo, guitar, fiddle and even a kazoo thrown in at times. Homemade instruments made it affordable to just about anyone, but its popularity waned with the sophistication of Big Bands and commercial pop music. A revival of sorts occurred in British clubs of the mid fifties when jazz musicians took a short break or “Skiffle”, and certain players stayed for an up tempo set of old tunes in the traditional way. Lonnie Donegan became the most famous of these musicians and ultimately had twenty four successive top thirty UK hits. His, and Skiffle’s peak was 1957 when he ruled the airwaves with his no. 1 hit Gamblin’ Man. Such future rock luminaries as John Lennon, Paul McCartney, Van Morrison, Jimmy Page and Ritchie Blackmore (there’s a name The Secret Museum rarely mentions) were hooked on Skiffle at a young age and then spent untold hours banging away on their acoustic guitars. Skiffle was pretty wild for its day, but couldn’t compete with the uninhibited sexual energy and loud electric instruments of Rock and Roll, and like The Maya, mysteriously vanished.
Often wear the same shoe
The pressure seemed to start subsiding at the end of my work day. It's not completely gone but, on the ride home, I thought about how what I experienced today was just a more intense version of what I seem to have been experiencing for a week or so - only in the afternoons at work, if I recall correctly.
If you play a drinking game with a ping pong ball, and you try to bounce the ball into a cup of alcohol for the other person to drink and you are outside bouncing the ball off the ground, but you have a cup of water to wash the ball off with, and you don't care about the cleanliness of the ball going into the drink because you will be too smashed to care....why? And is that really fun? Wouldn't a game of dice (sans the alcohol) be more fun?
Thankfully I have some awesome neighbors, who just so happen to have a whole "woodshop" in their garage. And he's a carpenter. So while I'd love to say I did this ALL on my own with absolutely no help, I cannot. He helped a LOT. This is probably why I still have possession of all of my fingers. I can confidently say that I DID build it, but it would definitely not be as sturdy, and would have taken a lot longer for me to work out the tweaks had I not had such an awesome resource right there with me. :) (Thanks again!) All in all, it took 2 weekends to get the lumber, cut, build, sand, paint, and assemble. Not too bad when you think about it! And the cost total was only about $160 with everything. That's $100 less than what I would have paid for the cheapest bed I found! Plus, this one is going to be way more sturdy (it's a heavy beast!), and the design and color that I actually want.
the center of a swarm of bees.
Then I realised.
There are no limitations to the goods in the application and cited registration, and so it is presumed that they move in all normal channels for the respective goods. Since an engine may be part of an aircraft kit, the Board assumed that the products move in the same channels of trade to the same classes of consumers.
I think that’s where Basildon council went horribly wrong – instead of trying to help travelling people, they just tried to get rid of them.
Jung Youn Kim (pictured above) as it turns out is the owner. He barely looks twenty something, but is actually mid-thirties. We began talking about Open Mics, as I spied the stage and music set-up off to the side. He graciously served us our food and drinks and picked up his guitar. Jung sat down next to us and began to play some folk tunes.
A high school student, William Swinimer, is now suspended from his school in Nova Scotia for wearing a t-shirt with the words ‘Life is wasted without Jesus’, the CBC reports. Some people apparently find that offensive. The CBC quotes the school board’s superintendent as saying that ”[w]hen one is able or others are able to interpret it as, ‘If you don’t share my belief then your life is wasted,’ that can be interpreted by some as being inappropriate.” The authorities are now apparently trying to find a “compromise” of some sort. In the meantime, the politicians have jumped, with the education Minister supporting the school board, and the opposition critical.
FRINGE HAS BEEN RENEWED FOR A 5TH SEASON!!!! I really wasn’t expecting this. I am so happy. Even though the plot of this show doesn’t usually work but the characters and acting is on point.
I mentioned in my last post that we didn’t get to see our granddaughters play softball because of the Texas weather wouldn’t cooperate. We knew before we got to Houston that the outlook wasn’t very favorable, but we weren’t prepared for Texas weather.
What are you?
A few weeks ago I found myself clambering over the roof of Ely Cathedral on a freezing winter’s day looking for a convenient place to conceal a corpse – or at least part of one. Before you call the police, perhaps I should explain that this was research for a joint medieval crime novel I write every year with a team of five other medieval crime and thriller writers known as the Medieval Murderers – Philip Gooden, Susannah Gregory, Michael Jecks, Bernard Knight, and Ian Morson. It was not the best day to have chosen to venture up on to a cathedral tower, but I only had one day to do it. It was blowing a gale. My fingers and face were numb with cold and I was trying not to be sick every time I looked down. (I never used to be bothered by heights – is it an age thing, I wonder?)
After 2 days of painting I had the fun part of putting everything back into the room, freshly dusted and polished. I have changed the curtains (you can just see a glimpse above) to a vintage linen pair of floral design on a black background.
I really came to like Addisyn. She knew what she wanted and set out to get it. One of the things she wanted was Greysan, an angel in her Link. The romance grew slowly and made me remember the confusion and self doubt of young love. And the anticipation! Remember this feeling?
IQ, even genius, has no necessary bearing on wisdom, common sense, morality or character. That’s why a smart elite that’s not wise is worse than useless. Intellectual brilliance does not insure against the fancies of craziness, whether Martin Luther’s (est. IQ 170) ranting against reason, heretics, Jews or the abodes of the Devil (e.g. in a Swiss lake), or Ted Turner’s (I.Q. 128) donation of $1 billion to the U.N. Third-World cesspool and championing of every cause of the kooky Left, from Obama to global warming.
Referring to the statement of prosecution witnesses and check-in registers, the Judge ruled these “leave no manner of doubt that visits of Kamaljit Singh to Chandigarh and his short stays, after coming late evening and leaving by next day, could not possibly be in connection with any business activity and rather were with the sole object of meeting Harpreet Kaur…”.
(The sleep sack is really quite cute and I feel frustrated that the photos don't do it justice - every wrinkle is highlighted - in real life it doesn't look at all wrinkled - it looks soft and cosy. Does anyone have any photography tips for taking pictures of fabric?)
Meanwhile, growth in all the major eurozone economies slowed to near zero, indicating a renewal of the recession that began at the end of 2007. The British economy also slipped into stagnation. This renewed slowdown is partly the result of fears about a sovereign debt meltdown and banking crisis, but more especially the result of austerity measures that have cut demand and reinforced the spiral of weak demand, falling investment, and rising unemployment. This in turn reduces government tax revenues, and actually leads to bigger deficits.
About an hour ago, I was looking for a mirror, with brackets, at a parts store. It wasn't the first I visited. In fact, it was the last one I had to choose from; the others didn't have what I needed.
The neighbour muttered something under her breath and rushed down the stairs. Neither one of us was ready to go downstairs, leaving the others.
Jack tells him to calm down.
That royal appellation is a much nicer title than this treasonous, duplicitous, hubristic, and deeply biased yellow rag deserves for its ongoing treachery.
Yesterday the 2011 Bike blessing had 91 registered riders and it was a HUGE success.
It all started with sort of a selfish aim. Beryl Katz had a young son with intense ADHD, and he needed special attention in school. Yet the programs that kids like Mike needed were expensive, and seniors in the Council Rock, Pennsylvania district often showed up to oppose funding them. Beryl understood the seniors’ position, because her parents were living on fixed incomes, but she’d also been a teacher, so she knew the other side as well.
Now, I had thought about the consequences, but as I could barely smell it anymore, had a fan going, and (most importantly) was too lazy to move the machine, I decided I would risk it.
Since I began speaking out about the genetics of violence, the entire field of genetics has reached a tipping point of high stakes and high drama. The stakes are that this field, which I would characterize as being presided over to some extent by ivory tower liberals, may be on the verge of proving once and for all that black people have a greater genetic predisposition to violence, or the field may wipe away this evidence along with a couple of decades of knowledge from gene association studies.
I opened my gift and discovered a sweet brooch that had been my grandmother’s. Mama knew I collected these old brooches and—somehow—had wrapped this treasure from her own jewelry box, as she’d wrapped some of my Dad’s wonderful old tie-tacks for Phillip. The pin is lovely, but I value it more because it’s come to symbolize what that year taught me about love and the infinite ways it may surprise and enliven our days, if we keep our eyes and hearts open.
Aligning images and text.
Every now and then I make a batch of beads and components that I don't really want to part with, and this is pretty much one of those batches. I have to remind myself that I need to eat and pay bills so hoarding them away is not really an option. At least I can always make them again, right?
Wonderful band from Australia that I'm sure most everyone is familiar with by now. You may remember them from the excellent Signal To Noise Set compilation which was posted by Goutroy, and their "Bubble Head Breakdown" tape was posted on Mutant Sounds. Both are highly recommended. This LP was released on Cleopatra Records which featured such bands as The Metronomes, Cybotron, and Second Glance. Speaking of, if anyone out there has Second Glance's "Tomorrow", I'd love to hear it! Oh, there's a copy of this record on eBay right now, just in case anyone out there is interested in picking it up while they have the chance. Doesn't come around too often! Enjoy!
Format: MiniMKV / English Subbed
Look at the two figures named by US intelligence as responsible for recruiting dozens of terrorists, Abu Qatada and Abu Hamza. Qatada, a Jordanian preacher and advisor to shoe bomber Richard Reid and Zacarias Moussaoui, the 9/11 plotter, was expelled from Kuwait for supporting the Iraqi invasion, then claimed asylum in Britain on the grounds of religious persecution. We granted it, naturally. Come in!
Officially more than 50% of the way through the (admittedly short) game. Stockholm syndrome? Perhaps.
She had a surgery in Singapore on June 8, Wednesday. My husband and our daughter had been in Singapore since last Sunday. I flew out there in the evening of June 7, Tuesday to join them for the surgery right after I found out the schedule for it. The surgery went well and our little girl is doing fine. Three of us flew back to Jakarta today, June 10, Friday and we were reunited with our first daughter.
***WARNING!!! Before even thinking about proceeding below, please know that this post is not for the faint of heart. If you do not like spoilers, please leave immediately and go elsewhere on this domain. But if you do like spoilers, then grab some popcorn, sit back, and enjoy. This post has been marked with a Spoiler Alert Seal. Cautiously proceed at your own risk…
SV: It obviously means a lot for all the guys, the people working for Ferrari who are the sons or daughters of the guys that were here 60 years ago. They are working in the factory, with the same mentality, with the same passion for racing that is in Ferrari’s DNA – of all the workers there. For me, as I said to the team on the radio, I feel very proud of them, of this recovery, always fighting to win races. In spite of a difficult start to the year, (they) never give up, they keep working, they keep showing the Ferrari brand and the Italian flag on the rear wing everywhere we go, very proudly. So, for me, it’s special to race for this team and to give them the maximum capacity and my maximum abilities to give them a good result. This is teamwork and I’m very happy for them.
and he was heard because of his reverent submission.”
I had a self-guided walking tour map, which we followed. I had my map out and a man at a time-share shop offered to give me a better one, although I was using a guide from Frommer’s. We ended up booking a time-share lecture for Tuesday, as we were offered $125 in dining options. I thought it would be nice to have for a splurge dinner.
I was so happy with how it all turned out & even better that Leesa really loved it. I think I'm going to have to make another one for me too. Hope you like it too. If you have any questions, please leave me a comment.
Last night my planned cross training (outdoor soccer, finally!), was canceled, due to Lack.Of.Lights.
Oh and sorry about the wonky picture. I recently borrowed a digitial photography book from one of the guys I work with ... hopefully it will help me take straighter pictures. The color and clarity of the picture was great though, so that's good.
Hi ladies. I hope all of you had a wonderful weekend! Will and I spent our first weekend home in Boston after three weekends in a row of traveling. It was amazing to finally wake up in my own bed on Saturday morning and enjoy a cup of coffee in the comfort of my own living room (it’s the small things, right?). The highlights of our weekend included dinner at Strega on the Waterfront, a fabulous Italian restaurant in the Seaport district of Boston; a night out at one of our favorite watering holes, Lucky’s, to celebrate a friend’s birthday; and a champagne filled Sunday morning brunch with a great group of college friends.
I jumped with joy when he actually ate the whole thing! He refused to eat anything else, even the milk he loved so much but he'd eat this. I baked it in two different molds, standard and small and he could eat 2 small ones in one sitting, yay! He is doing so much better now but poor thing, he had to go through the same surgery again in a few weeks, and I am hoping to make these again for him.
He gets me my drinks for free
Since then I’ve not run. I will do at the weekend, but last night I travelled with my family to attend a funeral today and tonight we’re travelling home. Life gets in the way and it’s ok, my running is a pleasure and I will treat it as such.
he laughed again.
I could find time to run to Target or Walmart and purchase a set of tongs and a new spatula, and likely pay a few dollars less. If I wanted to, I could go on Amazon.com and buy something.
Almost seems we can’t engage anything without declaring war on it. And talk about (intentionally?) miserable aim. The War on Terror, besides being a lurid excuse for pirating resources, especially oil, and “spreading freedom and democracy”, it cloaks a maniacal assault on our Constitution (with or without “boots on the ground”) to render the US a police state. Such irony might have only one viable competitor….
212.863.1696
Legal Deposit
If you were reading our blog about 2 years ago when we first got to Indonesia, I did a short series of posts that I called RIOs – Random Indonesian Objects. Now that we’ve been here a while longer it seems like there’s many more items I could add to the list, so we’ll start with this one:
Something for us to ponder. It’s been running through my mind lately, and I thought I’d share it.
I've been searching out the Peanut Butter Co. peanut butter for a while. They are based in New York and make natural peanut butter without all the scary preservatives and palm oil that most producers use (even brands made in the UK which doesn't use as much palm oil as the States).
David Cottrell tells a story in his book Monday Morning Choices about a friends grandmother that tells his friend “Either walk with the tallest or walk alone”.
I deem this as a 85 out of 100.
Btw, I don't even bother changing for this and have done it the past several nights in my street clothes and slippers right before sitting down to dinz...
Talking of which, yesterday we took a walk to the park en famille. The eldest had his bike, the other 2 had their nifty scooters. I ran most of the way trying to keep up with buddy and to stop him meeting his untimely death on the main road. So it got me thinking of doing this (with appropriate clothing of course) during the Easter Holidays. However, the children had other plans today.
Anyway,todays comfort dish will make you feel the warmth you seek.. It's a genuine family comfort meal.
Each time you find yourself uttering the words, “I can’t,” stop, and play make believe with all the trust and belief you enjoyed as a child. Make believe. Ask us for help if you wish. Playing make believe is very powerful if you believe. It can carry you forward to truly listening to the voice within, and learning to feel and love your Soul – the very essence of you.
We call Alberta Little Texas, known for oil, cattle ranching and rednecks. The KKK has a stronghold there. It’s part of the Bible Belt, a strip that runs into the US and known for ultra-conservatism, right wing, religious views. But Alberta does have pockets of other…somewhat. In a way it was surprising to see the rise of the Wildrose Alliance to challenge the Conservative party’s 40-year rule. I didn’t pay a lot of attention but when the media said the Wildrose was right of the Conservatives a friend asked, “What, is it Attila the Hun?” There is something right of this? Wow. But then Alberta was the birthplace of the federal Reform party (or Canadian Conservative Reform Alliance party as they were known until it was pointed out it spelled CCRAP) which was a right wing answer to the federal Conservatives. The Reform party was absorbed back into the Conservative party and that’s when Harper and his ilk gained power. There have been accusations that the Wildrose party emulates attitudes that were found in the Reform party, such as homophobia, racism and narrow views about the rights of a woman to her own body.
The interviews may be over, but the giveaways are still open!
It was 1999 and Danielle was a ten year old with cerebral palsy who was non-speaking and non-ambulatory. Although she would soon have a defined yes/no we weren't there yet. She lay on a mat in my classroom in the city and cried. We tried music, favorite toys, hand lotion and massage and even scolding her to stop. She didn't. Finally I verbally listed body parts to her from the toes up touching each one and she stopped crying when I said "do your thighs hurt?" Two days later we have confirmation of a femur fracture from previously undiagnosed brittle bones. I filed away the memory of connection between the unusual behavior and the student being in pain.
This year is our first for carrots. I don't know if they'll produce, but they've started to grow carrot-y looking greens:
Anyway. A few hours after the initial email and moving furniture and telling a few people, I just sat on our stairs and burst into tears. I am so grateful that we cleared Embassy. But I'm also really sad for the families that went before me that are still waiting to clear Embassy. It's hard when you're stuck in a particular step and you're watching (what seems like) everyone else fly past you. I am very mindful of those families. And those that are waiting. It's a hard spot to be in when you feel like it's never going to happen for you.
- The competition closes at midnight on Friday 25th May 2012
These stats are amazing. I suppose the argument is the Super Bowl is not a second screen experience because people watch it with each other. But I'm not really buying it.
“Whether the north pole of the Sun has north or south polarity decides the entry point of galactic cosmic rays into the heliosphere,” Gopalswamy told TPM.
few of the more famous killers that truly shocked us. There may be many others who have killed more people, but nevermind that. Please stick to the approved list: Manson, Bundy, Berkowitz, Dahmer...
Belle-Belles
Hello dear m friends and my fellow ...
Toodle-pip,
Roy Barnes likes dead foster kids.
SPN has faced accusations before that it is little more than a coin-operated front for corporations. For instance, SPN and its affiliates receive money from polluters, including infamous petrochemical giant Koch Industries, allegedly in exchange for aggressive promotion of climate denial theories. But SPN’s conference had less to do with policy than with tactics. Kyle Olson, a Republican operative infamous in Michigan and other states for his confrontational attacks on unionized teachers, gave a presentation on labor reform in K-12 education. Stanford Swim, heir to a Utah-based investment fortune and head of a traditional-values foundation, ran a workshop at the conference on creating viral videos to advance the cause. He said policy papers wouldn’t work. Tell your scholars, “Sorry, this isn’t a white paper,” Swim advised. “You gotta go there,” he continued, “and it’s because that’s where the audience is.” “If it’s vulgar, so what?” he added.
Because I just love this entire group and it feels that we have been friends forever, I just wanted to say…”Sew” Glad We Are Friends!
Ms. Gloria Burt and her husband, Burt, came to my studio last week to select some of my sculpture pieces for the show. One that they selected has never been seen in a show before. Part of the mastectomy and Earth Mother series, it is a striking, somewhat disturbing figurative piece. The body is reminiscent of a strong periwinkle-colored tree trunk with a suggestion of legs and muscles pulsing upward to the pendulous breasts. Blood red feathers form a halo around the head. There is a suggestion of arms, or are they wings?
In the evening, at the gig, our gorilla promotions seem to have worked as over 100 paying punters turn up to see just who are these people with the goat. We have a great show and a good old knees-up afterwards.
“Should you wish to discuss the self-publishing option in more detail, please do not hesitate to contact us.”
the big sis and i went to work while daddy put the boy to bed.
Seriously, though. Do you do all this stuff? I often have pictures of my characters, and perhaps a page of notes on them - but sometimes not. Sometimes I have nothing except what is in my head. How do you do it?
In the case of Handstands in the Dark, it was Malcolm Hardee’s autobiography and it was written from tape recordings of chats with Malcolm, so I just had to make the words on the page seem as if they came from Malcolm’s mouth. You can’t just write down exactly what people say: people don’t talk in coherent sentences. So I had to reconstruct what he said in a way that made it seem like what he had said. Of course, they were the words he had said on the tapes, but re-arranged for print so that, over-all, it read like what he would have said. They were his rhythms and words re-arranged for print.
Mr Hockey said that amounted to an extra $1000 a year in tax for taxpayers.
In the right corner in the photo below, you will also see 4 white boxes. Those are photo boxes from the craft store, Michael's, which I purchased on sale for only $2.50 each...(one of my future BIG projects!).
If the snow has found you today, I hope you enjoy it as it will soon be gone!
I had lost control of my ability to heal myself and the ability to continue training. For someone who loves physical activity, it was a horrible feeling. I was completely helpless. If only I had just taken my time during the acrobatic sessions instead of trying to advance too quickly. If only I had sought proper treatment sooner. The bargaining stage didn’t last long. I knew I had to get treatment and that this injury was far worse than I had imagined.
The guy replied, "Yes, a little. I couldn't quite make up my mind because there were so many."
Things to write down in an email TO YOURSELF:
Reef sharks, which are around six to eight feet long (1.8 meters to 2.4 meters), are the “apex predators” of coral reefs Baum says, and like predators in other eco-systems play an important role in structuring food webs. But there is still much to learn about their specific role.
This new reCAPTCHA system sticks a known word (known to the computer, that is) next to a piece of scanned text that the computer cannot read. When people enter the word verification and get the first word right, the computer gets to assume the second word was also entered correctly, and the system can now translate that word from that specific piece of writing. I am assuming, possibly incorrectly, that this same word must be translated multiple times in the same way before it is accepted as valid. One would hope, anyway.
Basically, he needs to marry Se Na so that history can repeat itself and someone will try to kill her. And from this he can figure out who tried to kill her doppelganger back home and return. I just love how he’s so confident that he’s cracked the mystery when there’s absolutely nothing to back up his theories. So what happens if he marries her and nothing happens? Regardless, since Bu Yong is most likely dead back home, Park Ha is the one whose life is in danger so how’s he going to figure that one out?
The width of your lens opening is indicated by the F (or f) number. The LOWER the F number, the LARGER the lens opening. I know that it doesn’t make sense, but it is important that you remember it.
as I spent most of my teenage years dressing like it was halloween everyday I like to be a bit more colourful these days........(I'm thinking Mars Attacks girl alien)
After a lot of shuffling back and forth, everything has a new place and I do not even have to get used to it.
all come to mind. Submitting a four-page paper with math equations and graphs proving that your traffic violation was the result of the officer suffering from an optical illusion isn’t the strategy most people would employ. It worked, though.
First I wanted to say I love your blog! You've given me so many ideas since I started following your adventures. I don't know how you manage to keep your house so organized with your busy life - but I am very impressed!
Don't you love to see the pictures of row after row of gorgeous lavender?
my people will receive a double portion,
You see, back when I was looking for fabric for my Lady Grey coat, it was challenging to find coating in orange. Usually, the only time of year that you can find orange fabric is the two weeks before Halloween. And then it's usually covered in bats or black cats. So, I was thrilled when it seemed like a mini-trend for orange was happening last spring and I gleefully started to stash it away in preparation for the inevitable orange famine to come when bats and black cats would be back.
81) would you go on a date with me sometime?
(573): just hooked up with an air force officer in a hotel room paid for by the military. i feel like i should go around thanking taxpayers for the assist.
which means we would like you to use hearts somewhere on your project. Choose patterned paper, die cuts, punches, your image- whatever your "heart" desires.
She makes the willow shiver in the sun
Are you a Monday person? For years, I was far from it...it was always the hardest day of the week for me when I worked in a profession that required long hours in an office. Weekends were spent trying to unwind, but all too soon it was time to rewind for another week. It wasn't until I left that lifestyle after an illness and move that I realized I didn't really want to get back in that routine. Mondays are different now...every week, it's like a little "restart" button...a whole new perspective on things.
because these prizes are hidden along the way,
HENRY JAGLOM: Right. I've got seventeen or eighteen films now, and they've all be done on film. There is nothing like film. Editing on a computer is fine. It's faster. But once we're done, we print back out to film, and the movie get's released on film. Film is a big part of the process for me. I may be the only one left in Hollywood using film. I just love it.
Title: The Lakeside View – The Eccentric Trio Chapter 2,5
You know, we're lucky, I'm lucky to be surrounded by such talent, such genius, people who are willing to work with me and who are so eager to do so much... such greatness.
Upon further reflection, however, we realize that these stories are power-packed. They change the world—they confront the world, challenge the world, subvert the world. Why is that?
Arsène believes the QPR and Wigan results were as more to do with the mental attitude of the players than anything else,
'Excuse me, Your Holiness,' says the driver 'Would you please take your seat so we can leave?'
“Oh my God!” exclaims a middle-aged American woman. “Where can my husband get one of those tattoos?!”
Ghee:1 tsp
Anyway, the filmmakers ask him about his personal life and it turns out that, yes, the deeply private former milliner and Harvard University drop-out is gay, and that his early interest in fashion was a concern to his family. (We don't hear much about his family background.)
We spent quite a bit of time in the hummingbird aviary, it was hard to make ourselves leave.
We received the remains of our pregnancy in a delicate box adorned with a butterfly. Inside was a hand-made blanket cradling the remains. We also received a memory box filled with a heart shaped pillow, a small journal and a tiny heart pendant. It's such a simple, sweet way to memorialize our loss and I'm appreciative of the hospital's attempt to make the healing process a little easier.
Customer Relations Officer
And Pooja had no qualms in taking the credit for bringing Bollywood lasses to the threshold of being bold in talking relationships in public domain. She adds with a casual shrug, “We were the first ones to be open about our personal lives we were considered non serious because of this.” But it doesn’t really come as a surprise, the claim to the credit, when Pooja has never shied away from going bold whether while acting or directing. Though much in news for ” Jism 2<U+2033> Pooja dimisses talking about the film with the wave of a hand and says, “I wish to remake “Dil Hai Ki Manta Nahin” with Ranbir Kapoor and Alia (her sister) and recreate the chemistry that I shared with Aamir onscreen. It is one of the top love stories of our industry till date and one of the first road film without the tricks of foreign location,” says the actor who was in Varanasi recently.
the kiddie party on Sunday.)
Place the wings in a mixing bowl. Add a little OLIVE OIL and mix into wings. Season the chicken with the SALT, PEPPER, PAPRIKA, LEMON PEEL & GARLIC POWDER. Add a few stalks of ROSEMARY. I break them slightly at the bark to let some flavor out. Drizzle a bit of HONEY & BALSAMIC VINAIGRETTE over chicken and mix. Cover and place in fridge for a couple of hours to marinate.
“Next time I’ll shoot the camera first,” he tells her flatly. You can forget, I think, just how humorous CASINO can occasionally be if you haven’t watched it in a while because the film, as a whole, is so serious. Craig’s usually delivers his quips in a serious monotone, which helps to keep the film and character grounded.
A little over 5 minutes in to the final period, Matt D’Agostini sniped in a shot off of an assist by David Backes. Jonathan Quick continued to play outstanding, stopping a total of 27 shots for the night, while Elliott stopped 16 of 21.
The importance of articulating this country’s founding principles has never been greater:
September 24 – Superpages.com Center, Dallas, TX
Yes of course it is possible to make converged PC/tablet devices; indeed some companies are already doing so (defensively as Tim Cook characterised it). And a relative few people will be attracted to such devices and will buy them. But the mainstream majority will evaluate the converged experience and see so many compromises that it is obviously worse than the experience of either individual device.
The aperture ring offers 3 different graphics. I assume this was done to make it completely obvious for everyone using it. The right side offers apertures of 11, 16 and 22. The top is a visual representation of the aperture opening, from wide to small. The left side offers sunlight variations.
This colour in this owl button work so well with the Kaisercraft papers, I think he is cute.
Step 5: Repeat these steps until the whole lantern is covered. Once finished, attached some fabric to the metal frame of the lantern to hang.
These are implications rather then characteristics[3]. What I mean is that when our worship of God has Him as the subject and object, when He is the center of our worship, it will honor God in His worthiness and glory over the world, develop our character as His people following after Jesus in the world, form our corporate life into an alternate community within the world, equip us for our mission to participate in God’s saving, restoring gospel work to the world, and extend His reign and rule throughout the world.
Hey Mike. Thanks for taking the time out to talk to me. Of course we‘re here to talk to you about your new film ‘Littlerock’.
" Those are hideous, you look like a reject from mermaid school"
"Guess what I'm thinking of," she said.
I’ve had a headache off and on since Saturday.
Pork Roast (2.5-3lbs) or Tenderloin
She nods once, and pulls off his shirt.
The summer I turned 16, I was allowed to single date, but only boys Mama thought were appropriate. Early in the summer I dated a boy I really liked (I even forgave him for being mostly nice) and learned to go parking and neck without “going too far.” I really liked him and had fun on our dates. Man, he was a great kisser! But he went away to college soon after we started dating. We wrote for a while and then lost interest. Soon after he went away, I began to date the love of my life.
Everyone has a story.
I ended up in Charlotte with my parents between jobs. I had left Scripps and had taken a week before starting at Groupon. The purpose of our Charlotte mini-vacation? Mom had a conference, so Dad and I would hang around Charlotte all day then meet up with Mom post-conference.
I added a couple more beads, some silk cord, and sequins!
In the inner cellar
“We heard your Christmas plea little one. You did not ask for earthly peace nor endless sunshine and cloudless skies.
Success inevitably attracts attention and opposition. During 2008, having been elected to the GLA and while also a councillor in Barking and Dagenham, I was constantly under attack, both having my house damaged again and being brought before the Standards Board through complaints initiated by Labour councillors. After I was elected as a member of the GLA, I passed the leadership of Barking and Dagenham BNP councillors on to the deputy leader of the opposition and became the deputy myself. By this time I was dealing with not only my own ward but with several other wards, as well as representing London on the GLA.
Or maybe not so simple. I admit that the more I looked at Monzon’s work, the deeper the small works became. The paintings exist in an interesting place, in a fertile zone nourished by both the last thirty years of abstract painting as well as by some of most essential questions about how and what we see, how what we see is determined on how we see and what we believe we are seeing. For me and how I see the world, the paintings are split between the cynicism and critique of recent art history (sometimes a game of artworld insider wittisms which threatens to shut most of the human race out of contemporary art entirely) and what is really may be really at stake in the arts, the willingness to see the human as expressive, meaningful creatures. They are smart and tricky works.
My Model: Jo
Also, a CM education changes dramatically over your child's life. In other words, what it looks like in preschool is very different from what it looks like in high school, and there are a couple of shifts in between as well.
Lemon juice – 1 tablespoon or more
and I can't see at all
Judge me all you want- we all know from my Spotify Incidents that I have no shame.
Angela lives in Essex, and her stories regularly appear in such magazines as Take a Break's Fiction Feast, My Weekly, Woman's Weekly, Yours, The Weekly News, That's Life (Australia), People's Friend, and in the small press. Her competition successes include winning the Annual Ghost Story Competition run by Writers' News in 2006, and also two of their monthly competitions.
Peplum: A short flared, gathered, or pleated strip of fabric attached at the waist of a woman’s jacket, dress, or blouse.
our room attendant loved making little towel creatures for us - we thought they were hilarious!
Winner : Maui - Imperial Coconut Porter
Serbia's President Boris Tadic said the referendum "jeopardizes the interests" of Serbia and further complicates ongoing dialogue with Kosovo's ethnic Albanians as Belgrade tries to make some concessions toward the Pristina government, a precondition for Serbia's path to EU accession.
I don't think we're lumped in with the others. Not having the "bam factor" as the above poster suggested isn't something an agent can overlook just because we followed instructions and completed the minimum requirements. I've made huge mistakes in querying--pretty much, you name it and I've goofed. I don't intend to make mistakes again, but I'm human and Murphy is not my friend. The one mistake I won't ever make again is assuming that agents will automatically be able to divine the brilliance of my manuscript, like Karnac the Magnificent, through some magical means. I have to show them, clearly and convincingly.
I’ll show you some more of mine soon, but both Traci and I had to pick up this cutie from IKEA:
Overall I think this is a terrific novel, gripping and thought provoking; but I'm slightly uncertain about the character of Isabel. She is clearly meant to be attractive; she's certainly loved. And yet somehow there's a lack of warmth about her. However, this may be partly because the story is told in the first person; if you're writing about yourself, it's difficult to convey how others see you. Or perhaps it's intentional; perhaps the point is that Isabel isn't a heroine in the ordinary sense. There was nothing in anyone's character that made them survive or fail to survive the plague; it was just luck. Isabel is an ordinary girl dealing as best she can with an unbearable situation.
Papers: K&Company Floral Dreams, Bazzill
Eddy is a boy who is growing up in a typical American household. His father works hard to maintain a modest lifestyle for the family and his mother diligently creates a loving environment for her family. When Eddy's father dies, his mother struggles to keep things together. Money is tight, but Eddy still dreams of receiving a new bicycle for Christmas. Instead, he is disappointed to find that his Christmas present from his mother is a sweater that she has spent hours of her spare time knitting for her son. His bitterness becomes an overwhelming force in his world causing him to reject his family. Eddy eventually learns a big lesson about love, sacrifice, and forgiveness that changes his outlook on life.
Both Griffin men had misgivings about Iraq and whether it was the right place to battle radical Islam.
Look for the Mobile Mammography Van at:
Usually because of the expense of flying, even the most spontaneous of visits are planned at least three days out. Which is enough time to get oneself together, do any cleaning, etc.
12. "And this last mile I travel with you ", to where?
King Gustav II Adolf, partly. He ordered a large ship with so many heavy-calibre cannon, and approved the ship’s dimensions.
I dragged myself to the local grocery store hoping they might have some Everything bagels. Sometimes they have them, and I must say they do a pretty good job of them. They have other kinds too, wierd ones, that I avoid, because a bagel should be sort of chewy and crispy and basic, no fluff and not too much whole grainyness. (Much as I love whole grain in other stuff.)
Mutiny
to have a guy who embrace with so much grace,
It is now!
he were a normal person
I am overjoyed at making the Moxxie design team and I am SO excited to show you my first layout with their products, that I'm not going to wait any longer.
Since none of the other 10 documents is being challenged, it’s obvious that the Ten Commandments are offensive solely because they are religious in origination, and remind people of America’s dominant faiths, Christianity and Judaism. In a brief filed on behalf of the Freedom from Religion Foundation, the ACLU says the presence of the Decalogue violates the Establishment clause of the First Amendment.
I hope you have enjoyed this look at "Bright Side". Tomorrow we have our intro to Flying By! For now, though, it's giveaway time! In honor of Melissa's layout leave us a comment telling us your pet's name (if you don't have a pet, tell us your favorite pet name) by March 28th at 10:00pm EDT, and we will randomly pick one winner!
"Forget that," Mike said to Siri. "Where is my underwear?"
I'm so glad that it's Friday! Today has been such a great day! I am working from home and Ross took the day off, so we're just being bums around the house together. We're both doing a little bit of work mixed with a lot of laziness! I decided that it would be a great idea to just stay in my PJs until it was time to take a shower to go to dinner tonight. Best day ever!
30) Schloss Schauenstein (Fürstenau, Switzerland)
“If You’re Ready to Learn” is “a parody,” McKnight added. “I’m having fun, because basically, I have nothing else to do. I’m at home, I have a studio, I’m a professional songwriter, I can write and sing anything, and here’s a little fun to share with you, and look what happened.”
thought you might want to read these as well. However, since some may
Visual Arts (concentration: painting) and English (concentration: creative writing).
Try to imagine that same sign inside, hanging on the wall in the COD. Hard to do, isn't it? See, they think it's okay here, because you're still early in the queue and they figure "the show" hasn't, you know, reeelly started yet. That's just dumb. Also, it's practically telling you that this is a haunted house, which is jumping the gun. And that's to say nothing about a full-size ghost horse standing right there outside. Ugh. It's all supposed to look innocent at this point. The 1995 hearse gag is the true grandfather of Pepe Le Queue. Alice Davis is right: it's out of place.
Oh well, it's only stuff.
Below is my recipe for vegan char siew using taukan as the main ingredient.
3 teaspoons butter, divided
The galley will be open all day, serving great food.
Caller: Who is this?
I’m a little frightened. I’m getting that feeling again, the one I’ve been managing to keep at arm’s length for a while now. I feel like I’m falling back into it again. It’s becoming more frequent because now I don’t have 9 hours a day to ignore it all and get worn out to the point where it doesn’t matter.
I have never had so little time in my life.
This scene felt wondrous to me, and it came not from a fear that Fairbanks could fail, but instead, from the anticipation of seeing how he would accomplish this impossible feat. For it is a feat, just as a circus strongman performs a feat when he lifts an enormous amount of weight. First he shows us the weight, then we marvel at the challenge of it. But we hardly paid to see him fail. We’d actually be shocked if he did.
We can learn a lot from nature, in fact I think God must chuckle sometimes when the creatures in nature seem like they have it together more than us humans. Jesus shared about this in the above scripture…birds, he says, have nothing to do with planting or gathering food, but yet they trust that God, their creator WILL feed them. That is why they can sing when it’s still dark outside. Unlike us sometimes we have to have the most optimal conditions in order to praise and thank God; these creatures in their little “bird brains” know that if God thought enough of them to create them, then they had better be about what He created them for! AND be obedient about doing it whether it’s dark outside or a sunshiny day!
I’m also going to go for a nice walk (weather permitting, obviously) and actually concieve a novel! Spring is slowly turning into Summer, and this would be a great time to leave my writer’s block ever so far behind!
On the first week of this linky party, Elizabeth wrote:
1. Documents from the era (7th and 8th centuries) written by independent (i.e. non-Muslim) outside observers;
He said "Uh... Yeah... Umm... I would like to buy a CD."
Lesson learned: Clean the caps too!!!!
Tools: SNSS fence & grass die, Spellbinders fleur de lis rectangles
Has for example, a team ever lost because the manager was not on the bench? I cannot think of one. Or even that Arsène will stop picking on defenceless referees, an endangered species only trying to do their honest nights work. I’m not holding out any hope of either scenario being taken up.
Balloon battles are back, and bigger than ever.
seemed always to suck me back
I love toys, and as a girl i loved dolls especially..
Many, though not all, mean very little to me. I’m proud of the achievements and of the hard work that went into the accomplishment. But do I really need a lapel pin from placing near the top in the National Spanish Exam in high school?
The flicker and play of flashlight beams haunt me through the forest, a dog barks, breaking the silence for an instant. A game of cat and mouse has begun.
The matter of the Sacrament is bread and wine. Why the Lord used the species of bread and wine, two principal reasons can be mentioned:
Since I've been in my late teens and early twenties I learned that when I don't eat on time my blood glucose will drop so much that I'll be shaky, trembling and nauseous. On time, I mean the standard eg. lunch around noon or dinner by dinner time, not 8pm+ or times like that. I can't go long without food and if I ever fast it has to be overnight, I will not make it through daytime.
Just Because…I love you; Just Because…I appreciate you; Just Because…I wanted to!
Thoughts on my Dream
Meanwhile, in a medium sauce pan combine water, milk, butter, seasonings, garlic and garlic powder to a boil, but stirring during.
the new lights are up and waiting
Brian Worley, wedding planner for “Shedding for the Wedding” on the CW Television Network, showed KTLA viewers the dazzling custom napkin rings that were designed by Wildflower Linen specifically for Très Fabu Event's upcoming wedding for clients Kasie and Thomas, along with the fabulous mother of the bride, Jann Bytheway. The wedding will feature an array of blues, platinums, blacks, and whites, and the napkin rings will definitely add a sparkle to each table!
I had tried to hand him my Barry Canoga, Photographer business card one time. It was after he had emerged from the shower, wrapped in a white towel, water dripping off his tanned body. But he dismissed me. And told me, without saying so, to get lost.
She was colored with Copics....her skirt and shoes got a coat of star dust stickles. The outside of the picture frame was coated with Diamond Glaze for some shine!
Toss in whatever extras you want...a couple quartered onions, garlic, pepper, celery stalks, seasonings, etc. Experiment with whatever you have on hand! If you have nothing on hand...who cares? You can always season it later. A great tip is adding about a tablespoon of vinegar or other acidic liquid like lemon juice. Doing this will help leach the calcium from the bones.
For reasons which do not extend much beyond me having had a quiet Saturday afternoon this weekend and having the urge to have a tinker online, I have decided to move platform to blog.com. So for the few of you who were good enough to leave me on your blogrolls and might like to see any future posts (which, will at best be sporadic much like in the last year or so) – please can you redirect to HERE. There will (I hope) be a few posts coming up in the next few weeks at the new site.
Even as I write down this older poem it evokes such strong memories. I am there again, summertime. I can’t wait to climb that huge staircase, greet my grandparents, and endure their huge hugs and kisses. This poem was a couple of years in the works. I had only divorced a few months ago when a friend invited me to go to the movies on my birthday. It was early February afternoon which turned out to be the coldest, windiest day of the year. The movie was Nobody’s Fool starring Paul Newman. In one scene Paul Newman ran after his friend whose feelings he had hurt. He sat next to him behind this one house. It had the same shingles as my grandfather’s. I was hit with such a wave of nostalgia, that tears ran down my face even as the wind stung my cheeks. As we ran to the car, my friend asked me, “Why the hell are you crying?” I thought it was just getting over the whole divorce. It wasn’t. I was remembering my grandfather. That feeling lingered for a long time. A few years later I watched the same movie and again felt those feelings emerged. I wrote a poem just to purge my system. I showed it to my brother. He said he hadn’t thought about that place in a long time and this brought it all back.
( or yogurt- 2 tsp)
This cheese is firm, almost crumbly. It has a sharp taste with a bit of tang. I would consider it full flavored and definitely a cheddar. In fact, it tasted pretty much as I had expected with an extra bit of zip. Chevre Noir is aged for a minimum of one year. Upon researching the cheese, the consensus seems to be that it improves further with age. The Cheese Boutique ages it on site for three years.
We renamed her Luna because Samson's name means Sun, and Luna means Moon. They are definitely night and day of one another. Apparently there's a biblical story of Samson and Delilah and we should have named her Delilah, but Luna is simpler.
Black eyes
2/3 cup of jarred pimiento peppers (or minced bell pepper)
This time around, for reasons I’ve just explained, the after-effects of the next leg of the bear market could be much worse than the Great Depression.
Instant coffee powder - ½ to 1 teaspoon according to our taste
I had an opportunity to take another class at Archiver's this month. This class was a Coloring Techniques class. I had the opportunity to make 3 cards during the class. I have 2 additional cards to make at home.
Article 128
God save this planet and it’s creatures
2) Watchmen Babies Comic Book (The Simpsons)
What did I wish I'd had? How about:
She could have been in the government 3 years ago, 2 years ago, and even 1 year ago. This could have been her and not Mofaz. At the end of the day, Kadima was kept in failure and disgrace because of her. Now it's obvious to all.
Ok, cut up the rug, literally.
Big trumpet fanfare!
NPA
I'll wear that.
I can’t really relate to being from Belgium or Spain, since I have never met any family members from these countries. Still I really love Spain. Both the culture and the language. I LOVE the language! I really wish I could speak Spanish fluently but unfortunately I only know some Spanish.
The bisous are serious business. French parents don't just hand out the bisous willy-nilly to everyone at school. You have to earn your school bisous; you have to be part of the inner circle. Well it looks like I finally made it, people. All that saying stupid stuff to the hot people has paid off -- they finally love me.
If you do not have access to a Coven, a Grove, a Kindred, a Clan or another gathering and you feel that a community ritual would suit you best, look for the nearest Unitarian Church. Chances are they are holding a Circle tonight.
Ingredients needed : tomatoes, eggs, chopped garlic, chopped spring onion, cooking oil, some Chinese cooking wine, cornflour (cornstarch), salt and water. Tomato paste is optional if tomatoes are not too flavourful or red.
But to be sure let's get all scientific and see if these are legit. (I am not really going to get scientific, those brain cells were left in a tiny glass of some unknown black liquor earlier this week.) They match up exactly to the older Explorers that I had stashed.
* Place your royal icing toppers on top of your cupcakes the day you are serving your cupcakes. If you leave them on overnight, the toppers may wilt and the colors may bleed onto your frosting (not very attractive when black royal icing bleeds onto white frosting!)
The following is my email reply when he told me about the essay tribute:
I thinks it that time again where I do my little shout out to all the wonderful bloggers and commenters who are "No Reply". I've noticed hundreds lately on my blog.
Anyway, to the point. After the first workshop, I had told a fellow author (let's call him John) about the experience. So, when I turned up in the Yurt before the next one, I breezily said to John, "So, that's me ready for the tartan loony!" He looked at me, horror writ large on his face. The horror stayed there for several seconds. Then realisation and relief dawned. "Oh, you mean your workshop guy? I thought you meant ..."
As far as I know, the University of Texas has not commented on this, though I expect them too shortly. I am a UT grad, and this was the first Google search I did. You could as easily Google "Michigan can koozie" and find one to buy and slip over your silver Bud Light can.
In the case of Fast Company, the respondents were characterized as "the women polled" or the "respondents." In eMarketer, the respondents were identified as "Internet users."
1 restrict
A Herculean task
You’re kidding me right?
I chose Butterfly Melody and decided to team her up with our delicious new digi papers from the Floral Fantasy range which are available in 12x12, 6x6 and 6x6 monotone. I chose one of the papers and flipped it and added a new layer then copying the melody digi in JPG format, pasted this on top so its filled in white to colour. I used a pale colouring of mauve on her with blonde hair adding a little gem and added a sentiment then simply matted onto a base.
3. Sterling Ruby at MOCA, PDC: I cannot help but think that nothing less than everything is stake in Ruby’s work – who we are, where we are going, and how, most importantly, we view ourselves. The work drips with experiences so protean and raw that it scared me. That, to me, means it’s working.
This pagoda was really neat because there was a giant square pond in the middle, and in the centre of that you could walk up a bridge into a small round shrine, shaped somewhat like a lotus, which was for the Buddha. When I said “this is just like a mandala” the person standing beside me said “a what? Look, there are turtles in the pond.” Indeed, there were turtles in the pond. I tried to take some pictures of the turtles, because turtles are awesome. There were also fish in the pond, but I’m more fond of turtles.
What kind of poetry do you write? Haiku and related forms (tanka, renku, haiga, etc).
The black wolf hauled himself to all fours and stared out at the approaching dog. Nay, not at Storm but at the Were behind him. Finora got the impression of silent communication betwixt them, similar to hers and Bree’s. The shimmering subsided, but Finora knew it lurked beneath the surface, like a cauldron just shy of boiling.
Are they family? I wondered. I had no idea. I hadn’t seen them for well over a decade. They were more air than water or blood.
As her mother looked out the window at the snow family, Emily thought she saw a very small smile, but then a few tears also glistened on her cheeks.
Scotty was my absolute best friend in the whole world in our little duplex in SJC off of Calle Villa Clara. Oh man! My first day of school getting on the bus and slipping with my stupid patent leather shoes and splitting my chin open. Scotty was so sad to have to ride the bus all alone while watching his mom carry me back home to take me to the hospital for stitches. Scotty went to the circus with me for my birthday. We rode our bikes all around the neighborhood playing cops & robbers because I had my amazing CHiPs bike. No stupid banana seat girls bike for me!!! And whenever something needed to be fixed on my bike, we could knock on Mr. Blum's door and he would gladly patch a tire or pump up a flat, or fix a chain that had de-railed. And when I felt like being a girl, I played with Cynthia who was very into collecting those plastic horses and held little club meetings in her garage. I also played with my big brother Jeff and his naughty friend Jason Bicknell. We had all the action figures from the Marvel and DC Comics and hot wheels cars. The Trans Am from Smokey & the Bandit being a favorite! We played ding dong ditch, but the neighbors didn't mind (except for one neighbor we all secretly thought was a witch) because they knew it was just us kids having fun. We would stretch out our garden hoses and have hose fights.
From time to time, The Shabby Nest is asked to review products. Product reviews are considered to be separate from sponsorships.
For those of you who have never played the game, Hopscotch is played on a flat surface, such as asphalt or a sidewalk. We used to play on my driveway. We had a great double driveway. You have to draw a pattern with a piece of chalk. There are many patterns to draw, and I think the one we used looked a little like this:
Grape Man 2: “They put the car wash on it.”
We are very VERY excited to participate in the blog tour for Unbreak My Heart. Melissa was awesome enough to not only send us a guest post with her Blizzard Reads (if you don't know what that is then look here), but she even sent us a video!! Woohoo! Melissa you rock! Watch this everybody!
Setting itself up as an instruction manual on how to get your soul through those pearly gates, the film really stretches the door metaphor thin.
There isn’t much down there to work with a hoe. Of course, a hoe also requires a clear head. I want to keep the plant that are already doing so well. So, there’s no need to use the hoe today.
See/Saw by Jay Reatard
She basically explained that the reason she was having so many problems with oil control is her face was NEEDING hydration & moisture but wasn't getting any so your face goes crazy & just starts producing oil like nuts! I have heard this many times but it was definitely good to be reminded of how important it is again.
The shoes in question are the pink and grey Pumas pictured above. Essence of effortless cool.
That’s why journals, diaries, and blogs bear whatever damage we’ve had the day we wrote something in them. Even our friends are not safe from the noises in our heads. Aren’t one of the main reasons why we call them up or invite them for a drink is because is because we need someone to listen to us? Admit it. And yeah, I’m sure some of your friends have done that to you too.
1 residences
"Carefree Cutie Pie"
all that bling and the crochet butterfly were on the tissue paper that June had wrapped my Easter goodies in this year. and as I unwrapped things I stuck all the bling to an clear envelope bag and its been sitting on the table ever since. I think I am going to give her this one for the heck of it.
Hollywood has a penchant for supposed self-deflation, like a Warren Beatty who bumbles and snorts and self-deprecates his way to getting killed off every other movie, as if to convince wife-beating rubes in Alsip, Illinois that Being Incredibly Rich and Handsome and Catered To ain't all it's cracked up to be. Occasionally, the industry gives us a Sunset Boulevard or an All About Eve, laying bare the peculiarities of that strange, delicate species known as The Actress. Sometimes, we get a Swimming With Sharks or The Player, if a fucked-over screenwriter or director's got a voodoo doll bearing the likeness of a certain executive on his bedside table.
There are lighted floors, there are moves that look like precursors to hip hop,there are fucking disco-balls, there is ecstasy, beauty and fun! Disco is often dismissed as “not serious” music, but I come home rain-soaked, and hurting from my evah-victimized fam-fam. Yes, I was super-rude to be all given-way and it is really hard for them. My fee-fees are of no consequence but I’m stayin’ alive.
So this whole business of the lunar orbit around us is complex and is really better thought of as the Moon’s orbit weaving inside and outside our own in the course of each month as we both travel around the Sun. So I hope the weather cooperates and you get to bask in May’s full Moon and contemplate our deceptively simple relationship to our companion planet. (Yeah – that’s another thing – many regard the Earth and Moon more as a double planet system – the moons of other planets are much smaller in relation to their planet than our Moon is in relation to us.)
Augie has named each of his firefighters and assigned them roles based on their equipment. The first were Joey, Freddy, and Toby. Then came Extinguicell, Transessor, Transeco, Distinguicell, Transolo, and Chief Seressor.
Other ingredients
For forty more I fed on favours past,
Art Is A Hammer highlights Rodriguez’ radical posters and abstract works dealing with political and women’s themes and brings the artists new creative direction to the fore front through larger than life woodblock prints and mono prints created over several months in residence in Montreal, Canada and at the Anderson Ranch in Snowmass Village, Colorado. Rodriguez describes these newer works as “an experiment in emotional authenticity “ and an “exploration of a playful approach” to art making. In these monumental woodblock prints, some measuring over 6 ft high, thick cut black lines flow over layers of color, patterns and shapes in a loose figurative style. Less confined, these works reflect the artists movement towards a more fluid and freestyle approach. From the artist, “in my work, I explore the full spectrum of artist engagement, from working in collaboration with social movements around the country, to working on personal pieces that reflect my own experiences.” Rodriguez.
Eprint offer a complete self-publishing service and can produce professionally printed and bound paperback or hard cover books in quantities from as little as 50. We also provide assistance with design and layout and will produce a suitable cover to suit your budget.”
If it’s a good choice
Necklace, bracelet and earrings - all gifted!
I also read up a lot about cats, just trying to absorb any information that might help in developing pashki and the characters. I wanted pashki to seem as real as possible, and worked out complex systems for it, only a fraction of which make it into the first book (although more trickles out in the sequels). Research into real martial arts and also disciplines like yoga and tai chi helped to ground it in something that hopefully feels real.
The fame as Post Captains, with a plain Gold Epaulette, as in the Full Dress, to take off and put on occasionally.
Sheriff Seth Bryan is bitter and cynical at having lost everything he values. Is he manufacturing crimes to bring him the notoriety he craves?
I hate to be the bearer of hard (gravitational) truth, but no one who is 43 looks as if he or she is in the late 20s (or early 30s, either). And if people are telling you that you do, they are fibbing to make you feel better.
'Please, Miss? Were there TREES in ancient Rome?'
Of course, opinion on that varies wildly depending on what you actually believe as far as our Earthly origins, and I don't want to necessarily try to convince anyone what you should or should not believe, obviously, but just consider this, for a moment.
The three elements in the book – love, literature, life in the world – are ultimately inseparable. Mrs Winterson “read the Bible as though it had just been written – and perhaps it was like that for her. I got a sense early on that the power of a text is not time-bound. The words go on doing their work.” Jeanette not only explains but shows how her childhood informed her fiction, including the lack of straightforward narrative which she attributes in part to her own life’s lack of narrative. ”That’s not method; that’s me.” She gives new life to the textual refrains from her books which ring like mantras for those who know her work well. Here, in an eloquent chapter ending, which seems appropriate to end this review, the last sentence is the first sentence of her 1992 novel Written on the Body:
Be sure to check out all of the newest Sunshine's Stamps DT (they are all soooo talented!!) stuff from the links in my sidebar!
The backs of each card feature a smaller version of the front photo, some bio info, and "Up Close" section with some random tidbit by/about the person, and a QR Code. If you scan the QR Code with your device, you are taken to a video instructing you to download the PL app from either iTunes or Droid. Once that's done, you re-scan the code in the app and it takes you to a 1:30 video featuring the person on the card. The last card in the pack is Bailey:
So i think i´m even more excited than my mum that i finally bought as birthday present for her tickets to see Grease the Musical!!!!!
My daughter and I were his only biological offspring to watch him draw his last breath.
I felt incredibly lucky to be there at all - reservations had filled up quickly mere minutes after word spread about the event. By the time I called them at pretty close to the crack of dawn that day, there was already a waitlist of 72 people ahead of me.
If you live in or near the Sheffield area of the UK and fancy visiting a Demo Day
Well - 2000AD is a Magazine that has given work to a lot of new professionals. It has a Rock spirit and maintains the spirit of comics for young people, but in an intelligent way. It's a fetish of popular culture from 20th century and now the 21st.
Yesterday was a lovely day, sat in because I was waiting for the parcel, could’ve been out with my camera…. today is back to monsoon climates… great….
PBS is BN’s largest Sabah-based party, and has been a leading voice, along with United Pasokmomogun Kadazandusun Murut Organisation (Upko) president Tan Sri Bernard Dompok, in calling for the RCI to be held before polls.
How do you know what to price them?
Going through a divorce, William wasn’t happy. His wife was getting everything, the house, the car and the kids. William couldn’t have cared less about her getting the kids, but he was sure going to miss that car. While on duty one evening, William came up with what he thought was a brilliant idea. He decided he was done with letting Jessica run over him. She may be getting the car but William was going to make sure it wasn’t worth getting. From the brain of darkness, he had a bright idea. He bought a bottle of Drano, and filled a Styrofoam cup with the chemical to throw on his, soon to be, ex-wife’s vehicle. He knew it would take the paint off the car because he had just arrested someone for doing the exact same thing. He got to his cruiser and placed the cup on the hood in order to tie his shoe. What William was too dumb to realize was, if Drano can take the paint off a car, what could it do to a Styrofoam cup? It was already dripping through the bottom of the cup and had run down the front of his cruiser. He tied his shoe and pick up the cup and got in the police car, started it up, and headed down the road. He felt a burning sensation in his hand, and that is when the bottom of the cup gave out completely. The chemical went everywhere. His uniform was destroyed. The upholstery in the vehicle was destroyed. The cruiser had to have a new paint job, and he got third-degree burns on his hand. Before you think about what you want to do to someone else you should remember that God works in mysterious ways, especially off the Creek.
The Sookie Books as some people know them are the books that the HBO show called True Blood is named after. The reason that I bring this series up right now is because another one of the books is about to release in just a few short weeks. This is the sad part about having favorite authors. There are some that I just can not wait until they are cheap to buy them. Charlaine Harris is one of them.
What will Pakatan promise to do for the Malays in lieu of Ketuanan Melayu?
working extra hard, along with the other dealers,
Which is actually very strange, because at the same time you are one of the most reliable and dependable signs of the zodiac.
and then this,
I reattempt a recipe that I had done many years ago, a hot favourite with my family.
This particular article focuses on the marketing of vaccines--especially the "flu vaccines" that are being pushed so hard at this time of the year. Everywhere you turn, the media is telling us that we must get ourselves and our children vaccinated against any and every disease that might or might not be lurking out there just waiting to jump on us and attack. I can't tell you the number of commercials on television and on the radio that I've heard over the last few months telling us where to go and what to get.
So, how can you win?
This is funny actually. To hear him tell it, obama actually killed bin laden himself. Which we all know is bullshit. He couldn't actually give the command to take the guy out. Instead he did what he does best, he voted present. Sure, he was in the room when the deed went down, but it wasn't on his command.
I liked the horses in the Mane Event.
To hell with the movie stars, the pop stars and the politicians! The real stars are the people who get you through the reality of the day! Your family, your friends? Even your friendly local bar person! And nature and all it's unpredictability is pretty cool to!
She says, looking down at the warm sweets in her hands.
No? Well, my history textbooks didn't mention her, either, but that's not surprising. Women weren't usually mentioned in my history classes, back in the 1940s and 1950s, unless as the "wife of" -- a king or a president, maybe. But if you've ever seen the 1964 movie "Mary Poppins," you've at least heard the name "Missus Pankhurst," as the song writer called her. Let me refresh your memory with this short clip, and then I'll tell you the story of Emmaline Pankhurst.
“Well, I think it’s disgraceful really,” he says a little shyly. “You should have some respect, you know.”
In the pilot of Justified Raylan has to return to his home town in Kentucky to deal with some Nazis in the area, including an old friend of his he used to work with down the mines. Not sure what it is with FX this season but between this and Sons Of Anarchy Nazi skinheads have made a television resurgence. As you would expect from the man who once embodied Seth Bullock, Raylan has a way with folks and sets about sorting out the problem the only way he knows how – with cool detachment and bottled in anger.
Him: Well, I just don't think this is going to fly. Send me the cover letter of your dossier and I'll email the consulate in Los Angeles and see if they will even consider your case.
What music inspired your story?
I personally think that the saying “a novel idea” is really dumb because whenever I hear the word novel, I think of, you know, books and writing and stuff and not innovativeness or what have you.
Iceberg lettuce, shredded
For the elements on this page, I stamped the map background (tone on tone) at the bottom of the page. I've done this for most of the elements in this vacation album so the pages would coordinate. Then I added stamped words from the Technique Tuesday Travel stamp set along the top and bottom of the page. Once the initial stamping was done, I added pattern paper from the Simple Stories Destination kit that's I've been using on the entire album. After printing and adding the perfect photos, I added some cardstock stickers from the Simple Stories kit to the page ~ (photo corners, a border, label stickers and a big accent sticker). I stamped the date and location of the photos with my Hero Arts alphabet stamps, added a wooden button with twine & then added a "page title" of sorts at the bottom ~ "You are my most favorite memory". I LOVE IT!
“Yeah but how the hell is walking going to help get me a job? how is it going to get my wife back? how is it going to make people respect me? how? how? how? how? how?”
Sean Harris (Isolation, Creep), Kate Dickie (Outcast), and Idris Elba (28 Weeks Later, Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance) will be alongside , Charlize Theron , Noomi Rapace, and Michael Fassbender in Ridley Scott's latest sci-fi thiller. With filming to begin in 3 weeks, Scott is being extra secure when it comes to who reads the script, not wanting it to leak on the internet. The actors not only had to sign secrecy clauses, but were only allowed to read the story if they visited Ridley’s production office. (One exception was made, when a security courier flew to an actor’s foreign location and stood guard for two hours while the screenplay was perused.)
The governor nodded at his assistant and called the Sector 84 Commander.
Yep. Hockey season is in full swing. The Pittsburgh Penguins had a rough go of it for a while, sustaining a 6-game losing streak, but stormed back with seven straight wins before the All-Star break. It’s amazing that they can play so well and win so much with all the devasting injuries the hockey gods have dealt them. Sid Crosby, the best player in all of hockey, played only a few games before suffering a recurrence of concussion symptoms, and no one knows when he will be back in the line-up. Kris Letang, the Pens all-star defenseman, was out for weeks and weeks with a concussion, but he’s finally returned to the line-up and is playing so well that he was invited to the All-Star game. But Jordan Staal is still out with a knee injury after missing half of last season with a foot injury he suffered during the playoffs of the season before that. And many other players have missed a significant number of games this season due to injuries. Injuries are a part of the game. Although the Penguins have suffered far more than their share of injuries, the team has continued to play pretty well thanks in part to all the talent they can bring up from their AHL affiliate, the Wilkes Barre-Scranton Penguins, aka, the Baby Pens. The Baby Pens play the same system of hockey that the Pens use, so when players are called up, they fit right in.
After getting a room and leading the girls to the room the guys weren’t shy about their intentions. Kissing and on the way to getting naked, all four of them were in this hotel room making out. This is when Isabel woke up from her vodka induced coma. She decided that she was in the wrong place at the wrong time. “This isn’t right, I want to go home!” she said as she grabbed her jacket and stormed out the door. After a couple of minutes, she stuck her head back in the door and demanded “Let’s go Marianna. I’m not doing this.” “Isabel, get your ass back in here. We’re just having a little fun”, Marianna responded. “Why don’t you be more like your friend?” Roger said to Isabel. This upset Isabel more than she could express. “If you don’t come out of there, Marianna, I’m walking home.” Isabel said as she slammed the hotel door.
She says she'd like to take a break from dance, so we're setting up to do that over the summer. She really wants to do gymnastics but it's just so pricey. I'm trying to find something affordable.
Now for the next anime update. This one concerns a recently airing anime called “Hyouka”. I am still pretty unsure about this anime, but the first 2 episodes already give a hint of what it’s going to be. Since both Episodes 1 and 2 has mystery solving in it, and the synopsis from MyAnimeList seems to give away the actualy spoiler that is supposed to be revealed in episode 3, I find it quite interesting already. Though, I am still unsure whether to download it or not, I still can’t find that “Download Quality” in it. Anyway, it is pretty interesting so you can go check it out if you want.
There are some incendiary points in there as well as a completely irrelevant aside about the US Department of Justice’s conduct on political prisoners but this section caught my eye:
South Carolina – 28.5 percent, 29.0 percent
20: 2:05-2:10 – Heartbreak Hill
I recently picked up Practical Solutions for Paper Crafters and it is just full of great ideas! One of my favorite things to do is keep things you would normally throw away, like packaging, and find a way to reuse it! So I really liked the Don't Throw it Away section. Inspired by the magazine and the challenge at Moxie Fab World I held on to the packaging for some Studio Calico wooden shapes and had a little fun. I will eventually use the wood asterisks I bought but for this card I cut out the outlines that were on the back of the chipboard packaging.
This race was important for me. Following my Rocky Raccoon 100 finish in February, I struggled with IT band issues. The low miles I had to run for much of March and February were really serving to demoralize me, and I was beginning to worry about my chances of not only running this race successfully, but the likelihood I would be able to train the way I need to for Leadville in August. For the last month, I had brought my miles back up, and with the dry winter in theFront Range, was able to really focus on trail running. I had also added core workouts for at least 2 hours per week. This would serve as a test of where I am at in training, my first training race leading up to Leadville.
Empty, I am
The renewal fee for the 13th year of the patent in question was due on 15 November 2004, but was not paid in time, and was still not paid by the end of the additional period allowed by section 25(4), resulting in the patent lapsing on 15 May 2005 (but ceasing to have effect as from the renewal date). An application for restoration was filed on 11 May 2006, within the 19 month period allowed for under rule 41(1)(a) of the Patents Rules 1995. A preliminary view was taken by the Patent Office that the requirements for restoration had not been met.
List the cities in which you have lived so far.
Joseph Stephenson, a twenty-three year old American computer specialist, was drafted and has just finished going through training camp. The US has invaded Chinese soil and is pushing an aggressive campaign to cover the entire Chinese nation. In order to see this goal through, a new system of warfare has been initiated by the US government. Soldiers’ kills are tracked and used to create currency-like points.
As a result of these findings, educators are scrambling to unearth the magical tome carrying elusive pedagogical spells that can help us “cure” our boys. “There is a problem with all these boys that can’t and won’t read!” we cry, dismayed. “We must find a way to fix them all! There has to be a solution!”
What a GREAT and totally FOREIGN feeling.
Released in 1987, "Wild Frontier" was another great addition to all the great albums released that year. With Guns N' Roses' "Appetite for Destruction", Whitesnake's "1987" and Def Leppard's "Hysteria", "Wild Frontier" was in good company.
Mr. Kay, also a member of Transportation for Livable Communities, said the group opposes "so-called" roadway improvements that would include two-way left-turn lanes along Governor's Road and widening of Governor's Road.
This is all set up and description. What does Tabitha want? What's keeping her from it?
As the priest urged them to stand, her eyes widened, and took in the priest, and the altar. She felt its cloth, could feel the warmth of the candles. Beyond that she saw and felt the full horror of Christ on the Cross. She lost her breath entirely and grabbed the pew in front with both hands. Then she fell. The weight of the cross on her back. Her mother stooped to help her up.
8:Alejandro De Aza- Good price and hits Jimenez.
We stayed in nearby Bellingham at the Riverdale Hall Country House Hotel. That was nice if a bit pricey. Food and service were excellent.
We were stopped by a couple of staff, to take our complimentary entrance family photo (I really do hate how they say complimentary when you really have paid for it!) and I had to ask one of them...'Is the bird sound real or is it filtered through?' They both look dumbfounded at me...'Yeah, it's real, we have an avery!' I felt stupid for asking it, but could understand why Pickle thought it was fake, as it was so loud and so many different bird calls!
by a moon-chipped sickle,
Current Weight: 181
I also think it's quite hypocritical to criticize the high fat food of Paula Deen when she is hardly the first cook in the world to cook with copious amounts of fat. I have remarked on more than one occasion that folks rarely call out Ina Garten on the obscene amounts of butter and cream that sometimes go into her dishes. I guess a tony Hamptons address does miracles for your food's image. Did Julia Child back off the butter? I don't think so. Pork belly, foie gras, proscuitto and various other artery-cloggers are all hip and trendy ingreidents and high-end, seemingly more respectable chefs are loading onto their menus. Is fried chicken a lowbrow and unhealthful food? It is unless Thomas Keller makes it. That goes the same for macaroni and cheese, which graces so many pricey menus these days. Comfort food is all the rage as long as it isn't made by someone who cooks comfort food habitually. The Les Halles cookbook is chock full of heart attacks on a plate. It's one thing to serve Cheez Whiz, Cool Whip, and onion soup mix (I'm looking at you Sandra Lee), but if butter is your biggest sin, then look in the mirror before criticizing anyone else.
I'm regaining my sanity. ;)
Going to watch some b-ball now!
My beautiful corsage!!!
walking through this slice of interior decor heaven scares me for the future of my bank account.
but this time it is the same colour chasing and biting us
Yet, on December 17, 2010, it was the attempted suicide of Mohammed Bouazizi, a 26-year-old Tunisian man trying to support his family by selling fruits and vegetables who ignited (no pun intended) the Tunisian Revolution and the broader Arab Spring; by dousing himself in paint thinner and setting himself on fire, his inner-desperation freed millions.
And swear that Beauty lives though lilies die,
Perfect. Sigh.
At the cafeteria on the third floor I ladled a cupful of three-bean medley. In the split second while I was deciding whether or not to top my soup with bread chips, an older white woman walked up on my right. Her lipstick was badly applied and her glasses broken. The knit cap she wore was pulled low on her forehead and her bulky trench coat tied with a mis-matched belt. She pushed her hand wrist deep into the free bread chips and ate a mouthful right there, and another, and then she filled a coat pocket and wandered off.
* A retelling of the fairy tale Twelve Dancing Princesses*
(January 23, 2010)
The not-quite-so-nice boy and I got together on New Year's Eve.
Montserat
Assalamualaikum and hello everyone,
File Upload/Distribution Sites
“I could only pray he’d be the winner of my first year on America’s Got Talent. I’d be so honoured. America’s gonna vote and I think America would vote for him. I do. I really do.”
*Makes bland foods such as oatmeal, wheat, rice and flour more appetizing
Lisbeth Kirk, Editor, EUobserver.com (Belgium) – Moderator
The Minister of Social Development has said she wants to privatise welfare by making workers set up their own social insurance schemes. She says that work is good for beneficiaries health. Perhaps she has rediscovered that work makes you free. She has created a task force to cut welfare which includes rightwingnuts and private contractors to welfare services. We can see where this is headed with the funding of Whanau Ora to farm out welfare services for Maori to private contractors, and the $5 million contracted to the Pacific Economic Development Agency run by National Party cronies.
Suppose Lim Kit Siang, Tok Guru or DSAI blurted such cries in their assemblies, what would BN have done? Surely by now these veterans would be castrated in Kamunting, right?
And discussing the nature of the society they wish to build they argue that”
Completely incomplete
I think there are three possible conclusions that may come from it. I think there may have been a massive piece of money laundering committed by a major government which ought to know better and that it has effectively undermined the integrity of the British bank the Royal Bank of Scotland, in doing so. The second alternative is that a major American department has an agency that has gone rogue on it because it has been wound up and has created a structure out of which they are seeking to get at least 50 billion Euros as a payoff. And the third possibility is that this is an extraordinarily elaborate fraud which has not been carried out but which has been prepared in order to provide a threat to one government or more if they don’t pay them off. So there are three possibilities and this all needs a very urgent review.
Dry Dock Brewing Co. Dry Dock Old Ale
Monday we planned a ton of Earth Day activities. We read tons of books and talked about what we can do to protect the Earth. One of the activities was from Fun 2B in First. Unfortunately I didn't get a picture of how they turned out, but let's just say Super Cute! As a culminating project, my students planted marigolds. I bought all my kids little clay pots at the Dollar Tree and they decorated them with paint pens. Again, (do you see a theme here?) I didn't get pictures of us planting them but I do have a picture of their finished product. We will be watering them and watching them grow for the next several weeks. They will get to take them home around Mother's Day.
This was clearly shown by the 5,000 or so protestors who reacted to the tear gas and water cannon by refusing to leave and making a fight of it instead.
Renagades of Funk (Miami)
That week in June had been jam-packed with activities and places to visit; some organised, others of our own choosing. I'll not forget the superb campsite and the hospitality of Edward & Nuala Allen at their award-winning Moat Farm, nor the camaraderie of fellow journalists, welcoming us as soon as we arrived. Nor meeting the marketing director of the Irish Caravan & Camping Council, Norah Heraty, and talking to her about those 'forty shades of green' that I had determined would be the title of a piece I had been asked to write about the tour. It subsequently appeared in the CWG magazine, 'In Touch'.
It's a start.
After about 2 days, the suspension will separate, leaving the concentrated pandan juice should settle to the bottom and an almost clear liquid on top. Carefully separate the concentrated pandan juice from the top clear liquid by either decanting, or what I find easier, using a turkey baster.
Aisles and booths of beautiful food await us. We see, we smell, we savor. We select. Into our basket go the freshest most delicious vegetables, herbs, meats, eggs, and fruit. Vivid colors, varied textures, greens, reds, yellows. Ruffly lettuce, smooth duck, geese, and chicken eggs, sleek green and white leeks, pungent chives, cilantro, and parsley, crunchy orange carrots, red chili peppers ripe for heating a tongue, lifting a smile.
There are going to be some very happy people when they receive all the cards and gifts you have made .
The first is the actual launch. Despite having the product ready and ad campaign planned. It costs a substantial amount of money to finance an ad campaign across North America and Europe. You also need to convince retailers to carry your game. With the great game crash fresh in retailer minds. Most retailers remained very guarded and skeptical when it came to stocking games.
So my planter has had a pretty rehab stint. Now if I can move a little quicker through the rest of my clutter I’ll be one happy girl. I just have to pause and catch my breath, rest, and get my feet up every 30 minutes or so thanks to this growing little baby boy who is bouncing around inside.
Move to the ends of the earth?
From the festival stages of The Big Chill, Glastonbury, and Roskilde, super smooth clubs in Europe and Japan, hard core road trips around the USA and Australia, tiny Muscovite basement sessions and Puerto Rican Candela sweat boxes, where there's the music love Quantic will go. Literally, where there's a Will, there's a way.Recent releases have been The 'One Offs, Remixes, and B Sides' collection on Tru Thoughts, his limited edition collection of rumba, plena, and cumbia music 'Mofongo Para El Alma' , and the Quantic album'An Announcement To Answer'.
Then at 2:40 I woke up. And I mean, why wouldn't I check my phone for an email at that hour? (Anyone in the adoption world knows that 2:40am in Michigan is actually 9:40am in Ethiopia.)
1 T butter
It needs a lot of work. The colors were a bit shocking but they're growing on me, hah! One of the books I borrowed from Lesley was Jan Beany & Jean Littlejons exploring color books - purple & yellow...(it worked for them!) So I went for it & added orange...
The work of the Light has brought you to the moment when a great prosperity is to sweep through your societies. This prosperity heralds a series of governmental changes which will enact, among many things, the legal basis of your freedom and individual sovereignty, accompanied by an official proclamation of this. It is a historic moment. For the first time since you were permitted to enter limited consciousness, you are to be acknowledged as worthy Beings by your former ‘masters.’ At a stroke you become their equal, able to wield justice and appropriate retribution for their crimes against you and your ancestors. This time is when the present reality collapses and is transformed into a vehicle capable of conveying you back to the very threshold of full consciousness. Our responsibility is to take you from that doorway through to your final transformation, which will allow you to take your place once again among your many spiritual and space families. This will be a moment of long-awaited celebration for us all!
William raised his voice. "I said, 'You've got the prettiest face I've ever seen.'"
Slice down the sides of the vanilla beans and scrape out the seeds. Add to the sugar. Add the beans to the sugar. Cover the jar and shake well. Let sit for a couple of weeks, shaking the jar occasionally to mix.
I hadn't had it for years, but decided that French Onion soup would be great for dinner. When I got home I Googled the recipe. As I read through it, though, I realized I had a problem...the recipe called for 3 1/2 hours of cooking time, and overnight refrigeration to meld the flavors together. I wanted to eat it in 90 minutes. However, with some creative thinking I was able to put dinner on the table right on time. If the soup suffered for it, I didn't notice.
Some choices on tap for my 6Week Snowfox Goals:
Chokes and suffocates in my throat
Honey: No, I will go look at some more houses on-line
Cognitive deficits have been hypothesized to affect the efficacy of alcoholism treatment, although a clear association has not been established. One view finds that cognitively impaired patients may not be able to comprehend the information imparted during therapy and, thus, may not make full use of the strategies presented, thereby hampering recovery. Another view is that cognitive functioning may not directly influence treatment outcome, but may impact other factors that, in turn, contribute to treatment success (22). Focusing on those factors-such as improved nutrition, opportunities for exercise, careful evaluation of comorbid mental or medical disorders, and/or treatment strategies aimed at enticing the patient out of long-standing social isolation-ultimately may be more beneficial than focusing exclusively on recovery from alcoholism.
Our brave investigators arrived in New Orleans after a close fight with a vampire. They talked to their local contact, agreed something was fishy and started digging. Soon they was convinced by a chatty physics professor that the stiff must have died some other way that was the police official story. He must have jumped from a hot air balloon, or something else flying fairly high up in the air. They also talked to some police men, including one guy who partook of the famous raid of 1907. When night fell, they started the real work, investigating a warehouse they had visited during the day.
I used Aran's recipe for the macarons:
Mr Bird had given evidence for the NotW in the defamation case brought by Mr Sheridan in 2006. In that case Mr Bird had given evidence that Ms Katrine Trolle had never been offered money by the NotW for her story. In answer to Mr Prentice, the prosecutor, Mr Bird confirmed that he had later discovered that Ms Trolle had been offered payment, but she had declined this.
The third novel in the Perfect Chemistry series will be about Luis Fuentes, the youngest Fuentes brother. He’s such a good guy who doesn’t live with the angst that his big brothers have always lived with. Luis is smart, funny, and has big dreams. When he falls for the wrong girl, Luis enters a dark world he’s never known to try and save her from herself. Just when he thinks he’s got life all figured out, Luis learns some disturbing news about his family that destroys his positive outlook on life. Will that Fuentes bad boy streak come out with a vengeance and lure Luis to live on the edge like his new girlfriend and his own father?
Recovering from a bad fall during competition, Amber McDonald decides to spend her last week of training before her next rodeo at a Colorado ranch, away from any and all distractions. It'd be the perfect arrangement—if only her fear wasn't stopping her from getting back on her horse.
In the meanwhile, I am posting for the Poetry Foundation's Harriet blog again, and my musings, such as they are, can be found there throughout the summer. Given my current financial state and my mounting medical expenses, that venue takes priority, as it pays.
How does God want us to address him? Why is this an important contrast to pagan prayer?
Also, I am headed out of town today for a conference and will have limited Internet access, so I probably won't be able to comment much on your posts until next week.
Chants of "We Want Dataran!", "Buka!" could be heard throughout and there was a moment that we all stood to sing "Negaraku". There were a couple of occasions, in the midst of all the chanting, I was almost moved to tears because I saw a Malaysia, regardless of race or religion, coming together for a common cause. I finally understood some of the feelings those who went on 9 July felt.
I wish you all a very Merry Christmas - be good, keep safe and just enjoy yourselves.
Cable Congress 2011 will take place in Lucerne, Zurichfrom the 15-17th February 2011. The innovative location of KKL Luzern, right in the heart of Lucerne, boasts a world renown venue which is directly connected to Zurich airport.
For Baudrillard, ‘Counterfeit’ requires the presence of a unique original. Let’s take the example of Hems. He needed the original medieval objects which he used to inspire his workmen and even removed them from the places in which they were located into his workshop. We therefore assume that the medieval artefacts were ‘present’ in his workshop (though we cannot actually see them in the image above).
I've started a new job. And for that job, I have to wake up pretty early sometimes. But I am a night owl and a sleep procrastinator by nature.
After a ridiculously busy (planned) and pretty wretched (not planned) week, I was really looking forward to a fun weekend. Highlights of last week included my car being subject to a hit-and-run while it was parked at work, my camera being stolen, and my ice cream sandwich disappearing from the work freezer. On a positive note, I found out my co-chair and I were awarded scholarships to the CCMA conference for cooperative businesses in Philadelphia this June!
Alfonso Ponce Enrile, Alva J. Hill and Honorio Poblador, Jr. and Emiliano R. Navarro as amici curiae.
3-1/2 cups vegetable broth
The form works well enough as well for me to live with it, but I am yet to re-attempt to master the Javascript email validation – the last time I had a go it seemed to stop the form from working, and it wouldn’t validate.
There was one kid who always showed up early and always was pleasant and easy to manage and had a smile on his face. He wasn’t the best kid. He didn’t get a single hit in the game all year, if I recall. Maybe one or two reached-on-errors. But he hit tolerably well in my BP sessions. I thought to myself, this kid loves to hit and he looks forward to hitting off me pre-game. He may not get a hit all year, but he enjoys the BP sessions and he’s INTO it.
What made the atmosphere tense was not the pig. People make allowances for animal actors, but not for their trainers, who are expected to be good at their jobs. This particular trainer had a burly, macho attitude, and seemed to think the director was a pansy who didn’t warrant acknowledgement. He ignored everything that was said to him, refusing to respond. Other than to display his anger at having to take orders from a pansy.
on whatever altar you fashion
Its no surprise that Georgia and Georgia Tech have signed the most players (28) from the Peach State to go on to be drafted after Scout.com started raking players in 2002.
and just up the street in San Francisco, California
“I wonder if you would consider refraining from putting online until we have had the opportunity to complete the COPE guideline-based procedure? I feel it is important that the authors have the opportunity to respond before it goes into the public domain. I realise that there appears to be a very clear case but they should have an opportunity to respond as indicated by the COPE guidelines.”
the blue eye of Amun-Ra
Only you can decide what to give God today or it would not be a gift. What can you afford to sacrifice to God? What do you need? It is usually the best place to start. Don’t worry about what others think but give what your heart is holding the tightest to lest it becomes an idol standing between you and God. When you think of giving what do you fear most? Give it. Then you will receive God’s Answer that conquers all fear. You are not emptying your life as a sacrifice because Jesus did that. You are simply making room for the Blessing of God to fill your life to overflowing with His Abundance reserved just for you! Say with me, “I will give ________ today!” In no time, you will change your tune from “What Have You Done for Me Lately” to “Look What the Lord Has Done!”
“What is it that makes people back home* have no respect whatsoever for rules, laws, or even their fellow human being? Why do we come here and feel (for the most part) respected, and why are people so much more willing to do the “right” thing, follow the rules, stand in line, take turns, stop for pedestrians?”
Its a lovely day and a nice fresh Citrusy Couscous seemed like a good idea for lunch.
What I need is for someone to help me understand how I can make myself feel the self-esteem I know I should have. Someone to help me discover how I can cope with the intensity of my emotions.
Monday 9th
For my money CITW is the best because of its ambition, scale and breadth of knowledge. I think CITW will find it's footing but because of the internet hype it already seems like a big deal which may or may not be to it's benefit.
Am here, am here
Because you see, back in about 1975 there was little Shawn Gorman and the PS 130 chimney. And the story about what Shawn did that morning never made the headlines, because no one really saw what he did except us. And we knew better than to call the police.
This morning I came across "Some Rules for Students and Teachers" written by John Cage. I immediately got excited about a few of them. For example:
Bah.
Disc: 2
by your shoulder.
Wire basket for outdoor balls: Atticus, Spokane, WA
As the snow began to melt and the ground thawed in New Hampshire, we realized we needed to make some decisions for Adam’s upcoming burial. We talked with the management at several local cemeteries to find out which place seemed best for us. We settled on Union Cemetery, the one that allowed plantings by the gravesite. Mal and I picked out a cemetery plot and ordered a black marble headstone from Laconia Memorial to be engraved with Adam’s “information.” We decided to have the happy and sad “theatre masks” engraved on the stone so that future generations could know how much Adam loved theatre. The engraver wanted thirty days to complete the headstone but I really wanted the headstone to be at the gravesite in time for the June 2nd burial ceremony so he agreed to get this done for us.
President Rutherford B. Hayes sought direct federal aid to public education, and after leaving office in 1881 became what amounted to a socialist, pondering in his diary about “how to secure a more equal distribution of property among the people.” He crafted a plan that called for inheritance to be capped at $500,000. All inherited wealth over half a million dollars would be confiscated by the government to distribute to those less fortunate. GOP Presidents Garfield and Harrison also had liberal and progressive leanings.
What I wanted to get out of this novel, was to be able to fully immerse myself into the mind and body of a hermaphrodite; I wanted to know exactly how it felt to be so different, to perhaps not belong to one sex or the other, to be forced into decisions that go against their very nature. In some respects, I got this, but just not quite enough. For the first one hundred pages or so, I really, really enjoyed this book. I was intrigued, captivated, horrified, amazed… I couldn’t help but feel for this small-town rural family who are confronted with something they have no idea how to deal with. But as the novel went on, I felt more and more distanced from Wayne. At first, I liked the fact that Winter gave you an insight into the characters around Wayne, rather than just Wayne himself. This is certainly an issue that involves a whole family rather than one individual. But I soon grew tired of the over-descriptive passages of Jacinta and Treadway’s lives, or Thomasina’s as she travels around the world from place to place. I didn’t care for any of it, and I wanted to get back to Wayne. Although some of the later passages are truly terrible to read, and unfortunately, involve events that you could see were inevitable, the book doesn’t quite redeem itself in the way I wanted it to. Put simply: I wanted less description, and more emotion. There are far too many metaphorical, philosophical ramblings for my liking, half of which I felt I was scanning over rather than really absorbing. Don’t get me wrong, I still believe Winter is a fantastic writer, and one I won’t hesitate in reading again, but I just can’t help but feel that this book could have been so much more. Many readers have commented on the disappointing ending, and I’m sad to say I agree with them too; it doesn’t have enough finality, and ends on yet another metaphorical line that doesn’t really leave you with a whole lot. And that’s not to mention that the character of Jacinta, who is such a prominent character in the beginning of the novel, seems to completely drop off the radar.
We hope you can support the performance and there will even be the chance to participate and contribute towards the future of the piece!
What’s going on here, I wondered. I didn’t know that ravens ate humans; especially five feet something humans. And why was this other guy attacking the ravens as if he were defending me? Whatever the reason was for this intervening attack it all worked out to my advantage. As the rescuer completed his one or two circles around the summit circle he took off southward towards the peaks of the Three Sisters. I got a good look at him while he was circling. He was white, predominantly so, white like a dove. His wings were outlined in blue trim. Indeed, his entire body looked like it was outlined in blue trim. He was a very nice looking bird, smaller and more muscular looking than the ravens. He also wore a blue mask across his eyes. He had what looked like a mask of blue that stretched out sideways covering both eyes and passing to where the ears would be. Almost like the Lone Ranger, I thought. But what kind of bird is white, wearing a blue mask with blue trim around his wings and had talons like an eagle? It was a mystery to this city boy. I decided to hold the thought till I returned home to town and would ask Brad to identify the species to me. Brad was in the forestry program at Oregon State U and he knew everything about these forests and woods. Onwards to my perch I walked.
Remember, O most gracious Virgin Mary,
And horrors, gasp, I feel myself craving to go back.
Here are some more Mets shiny. Told you there were a lot of refractors...
gina tricot pants
I think my only grumble (as usual with books like this) is that it isn't any longer! But there are plenty more in the series to keep me occupied. These include Dreams at Silver Spires and Success at Silver Spires.Ann Bryant has created a wonderful series - go read it!
And this leads to the second false premise of Internet dating: that choosing a mate should be a rational choice, in which people carefully comparison-shop for partners. That’s the advantage, after all, of having millions of profiles to choose from. Rather than being misled by our instincts on a first date, we can calmly sort through the alternatives and find the best possible spouse, the would-be soul mate who will maximize our romantic utility.
this week is going so much better, and so far I have been;
University and school administrators cannot ignore the dire need for security guards to go through college security training on a regular basis. In the aftermath of Virginia Tech’s darkest day, curriculums for advanced university security training were offered online to encourage widespread use. Besides implementing disaster plans and violence prevention, security officers must be able to identify risk situations involving alcohol, drugs, etc. Minor problems in dorms and student centers can escalate quickly without a skilled security team to control the situation.
This is part of the Buzz on the internet, “According to Atkinson, Marian Robinson became increasingly frustrated as her husband, Fraser Robinson, was hobbled by multiple sclerosis in the late 1980s, and turned to “Santeria in a desperate hope” to cure him. “Michelle put her foot down when she heard that her mother took her dad to ceremonies where they did spells and trances, and sacrificed animals, chickens and goats I think. But Marian was desperate and kept going anyway, even when her husband was to sick to go with her.”[96]
who shall for the sake of those he loves
variations on the shapes.
And coffee, all in one
And in a large part because of this blog, my writing is getting better (at least that’s what I like to think!) Over the last year I’ve experimented with a bunch of new techniques and styles, from comedy in The Yellow Brick Road to gothic suspense in The Bloody Chamber. I had fun speculating on canon scenes in What Sarah Said and Dead in the Woods. I even got to make Federico García Lorca a vampire in Death in Disguise and have Pam and Sookie come visit me in my Home Sweet Home story The Fog. I’m still surprised by how popular the extra True Blood scene The Kiss has been. I’d do each one of these stories a little differently now, but they were all a ton of fun and great writing experience in one way or another.
Get all the info you can on the display.
If you have a book recommendation, do let me know! I'm always on the lookout for new material to read, any genre...
holy cream balls, it’s 2.30 and someone has already gone home. How damn lucky, I don’t actually know when I can officially go, what’s worse is that I have absolutely no idea when the busses come in. because it’s on a estate, there are only a fixed number of commuter routes to the base and i’m not sure when they start running, or even when I can go. It would be so nice knowing that I could get down the to library and use some free internet, I really need to find a decent place to live.
We'll get to Saturday night, patience, boy!
So I am going to attach a list here of all the things available, I was hoping to do it this week, but apparently I am just not that computer savvy. So hopefully I will figure out how to link everything up by next week, as always you may mix and match from the previous weeks, and this weeks treat for a full week order is a Carmel covered popcorn and preztel mix.
(What??)
In Part 1 I talked about the misconception of the separation between mind and body. In Part 2 I wrote about how that misconception leads us to respond in ways that will reinforce rather than help the condition, and that what we need to do is start listening to what our body is telling us and change our responses. In this post, I thought I would outline the impact taking this approach has had on my illness.
I'll illustrate what I'm talking about with a couple of examples - on Saturday a woman turned up wearing a jacket with a fox head on the hood and a tail on the back. Like, from an actual literal dead fox. To a huntsab benefit. There were people there who have dedicated their lives to stopping bloodsports, and she just blithely turned up like it wouldn't be a problem - even going so far as to act offended when people told her that it was sick, and claim that she was being 'attacked'. I mean, what the fucking fuck did she expect? Everyone to coo and tell her how lovely it was?
Yoochun: It’d be best to go over without any makeup. Absolutely none. And no dyed hair, preferably in its natural condition.
For example: The Andean Community (Andean Pact) between Bolivia, Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. They established free trade between member countries and imposes a common tariff of 5 – 20 % on products imported from outside.
"I told him I'd go along with the crowd," Carter said in his statement.And so, in a tableau reminiscent of the famous scene in To Kill A Mockingbird (and perhaps it was an inspiration for it), the taxis all lined up in the early morning hours and drove in formation out to the Pickens County jail, maybe 20 miles away. It was February 17th.
Only locals dare go there, locals who are sworn to incredible secrets and people who just want a good time without any attention that is...
Life authentically
Incredibly Miliband also spoke about 'good' and 'bad' social housing tenants. With a shortage of social housing he stressed that "choices have to be made". He argued that people in work should get priority for social housing, thereby punishing the unemployed and poor.
At Neal and Co. I was excited to learn that not only did they carry Les Indiennes fabric, but they had made up pillows in several different fabrics. While it’s not a paisley per se – it does have the “look” of one – so Cindy let me take a few out on approval. Yes! Late last night while all my family was sound asleep, I was styling the family room like some crazed maniac. At one point Ben came down for water and found the room a complete mess and asked simply - “what are you doing?” “Nothing.” I wonder what he would have thought had I told him I was trying to copy the cover of House Beautiful! Perfectly normal, I know!!! Especially at 3:00 in the morning. Well, I’m sure the Vamp understands. For the pink throw – I had gotten a shawl in that shade as a Christmas gift and thought it was a genius idea. Except it photographed a dull coral, not pink. And for flowers – I thought I’d just use my pink orchid. But it didn’t photograph good either. I dragged my suzani on the sofa along with the Les Indiennes pillows, using the brown velvet ones in place of the brown cowhide. It didn’t really look that great – certainly didn’t look much like Jill’s at all and I was prepared to pronounce Vamp the winner in the Plagiarize Jill Brinson contest – with just us two contestants. Oh well. That was fun, but a major disappointment. See what I mean:
Hi and hello! Welcome back to my corner of the blogging world. Hope you are having a wonderful day filled with lots of joy and crafty makes. :)
by Oliver Wendell Holmes
Reasonably fresh and crisp taste, easy drinking and a lovely earthy tone to the colour. A little light on aroma and the malt is sweetish but a little muted. Almost enough bitterness to be a great pilsner and it feels like it wants to tick all the boxes but perhaps couldn’t afford to. Maybe more a premium lager type of beer and a good one at that.
- Posted using BlogPress from my iPad.
But did you know that hula hooping for 1 month you can lose up to 2 inches? I didn't and was like really. Well the other day when I was working out with the Biggest Loser for the Wii my clothes fell off. How embarrassing but good thing I was working out at home! So, I decided to go measure myself. I have lost 3 inches in my waist and hips! I am so excited!
120g caster sugar
And again.
Many people don’t care for Zombies and I can understand that opinion in some cases. Many think that the genre has been overdone. The fact of the matter is there has been such an evolution in the genre as of late that there are some new and fresh perspectives that breathe new life into the Undead.
There is something magical about the beach in winter, particularly at a very low tide. The rocks, which are normally hidden underwater are exposed to the elements, and the view stretches for miles, uninterrupted by swimmers or boats. It is incredibly peaceful, even with a skipping five year old!
-Don't pay full price for anything if possible!
We picked them up a day or so later and busted out a funky shape on the lawn:
The next trade came from fellow Orioles fan, Ryan at Great Orioles Autograph Project:
Since assuming the presidency, he has steadily separated us from our Democratic allies and has subordinated us to despotic regimes whose sole objective it is to establish Shariah-compliant Islam as the dominant way of life throughout the world.
Less than a week later, he went to check on his wood-working shed in town, and found a large stoneware crock sitting in front of the door.
It's hard to believe that for eight months my husband and I had tried desperately to conceive this child. We had been waiting, hoping, praying and then it happened... in November of 2010, two pink lines confirmed what we had been wanting for months. We were going to have our second child.
Martina Navratilova and Tony Dovolani danced the foxtrot. She looked like herself in rehearsal but had makeup and extensions and a dress and heels during the performance and looked the way she does in the photo. I thought she'd had work done but don't think so ... or maybe not much. Pretty! She did pretty well. The judges said she was too careful. Score: 7, 6, 7 = 20
Soda pop fountains are under each tree
One time she didn’t do the essay we had three weeks to do. Later after she spoke to the teacher, she told me that she got an extension. I believed her. Even though I never saw her hand it in.
Love Elaine xx
In Friendster, one can create a blog account. But some of my contacts’ blogs are “copy and paste”! (Most don’t attribute sources.)
How do they know that we need to perceive to think?
Not literally with sex itself, but with the idea of it.
The book was released on the very same day that the second underground city was destroyed. I do not believe this was consciously planned or intentional, but it is synchronistic.
Grandma Whacker gambolling about, trying to fly a kite. What is she like? It was lunchtime and I was calling all children to the table and there she is, still outside playing. She really is most wayward and Sets a Very Bad Example. She never got the memo that Grandmas should sit quietly inside reading an old copy of the Radio Times while having a little drop of sherry.
The obvious question that arises from this kind of cosmology is whether God makes people do evil, which is a concept that Islamic theologians struggled with for centuries, and, as far as I am aware, never really came up with an entirely acceptable answer for. I can’t think of any Islamic theologian who actually said that God makes people do evil (although to my memory Abu ‘Isa, who wrote in the tenth century and was posthumously declared a dualist came close – that probably contributed to why he was called a dualist), but it’s certainly a question that arises in a lot of Islamic theological works.
“Don’t wait until everything is just right. It will never be perfect. There will always be challenges, obstacles and less than perfect conditions. So what. Get started now. With each step you take, you will grow stronger and stronger, more and more skilled, more and more self-confident and more and more successful.”
Eventually, of course, something happens to change all this. No one can resist the eroticism of Egypt for long. Bodies sweat, become curious, then wake despite themselves. It is then that the expertise of the writer becomes apparent. The desultory and arid setting of the Nile becomes the necessary background for the rest of the book. Like all of us, Sally is capable of misinterpreting people. Her mistress, Lady Lucie Duff Gordon (a historical figure) is courageous and has always helped people in distress, and so when she says: 'I'm not surprised Sally Naldrett, to find you capable of this.' Sally believes it is clearly an indication of her admiration of her loyal maid.
I still don't have a good answer for that one.
Where they play the right music, getting in the swing
Scatter-shooting while wondering what happened to certain highly-paid Dallas Morning News sportswriters. . .
As another wise woman, Julian of Norwich, told us:
Meanwhile, you've passed over massive fissures in the earth, the planet breaking open, and so the twisting claustrophobia of the urban market has been replaced by its apparent opposite: geological time, ripped open right in front of you in stratigraphic abysses that can rival the Grand Canyon.
For the past few years, I’ve been mulling paint, both watercolor and oil. Mulling is the process of dispersing pigment into a painting medium. This involves some elbow grease at times, since you’re breaking up larger glomerates of pigment into smaller glomerates. (Though mulling is often called grinding – slightly older terminology – you’re not actually grinding pigment particles into smaller pigment particles. With homemade pigments, though, there are some exceptions: for instance, there’s just only so fine I can grind eggshell white in a mortar and pestle; the fine grinding of that pigment happens with the muller.) Some pigments take longer and require more work, some less. The vermilion that I ground up recently was very quick and easy.
15.Tommy Johnson / Walking Shoes
a. Leonard Nimoy
Tom Selleck (Mr. Baseball)
This has been a week of celebrations. A birthday (me) and Father's Day (him).
Now upon the boardwalk it is cooler,
Karla has explained to her kids, "Well, the chemotherapy is killing the bad cells in my body, and when it does that, it will actually kill some of the good cells, too. And that is what will make my hair fall out."
Side effects with traditional Chinese medicine are usually minor. With herbal treatments, there should be no side effects if the patient has been given the correct formula and is taking it in the prescribed manner. Some people feel a little sore or stiff the day after receiving Tuina massage, but the soreness does not last and usually clears up with repeated treatments.
It was a case of buyer beware.
Your Earthliving Weapon is also an important buff, but with a 30 minute duration and no way to be knocked off you in standard combat, it not something I consider part of a Shaman’s rotation. I simply make sure to cast it and my shields at the start of a fight.
Content label the containers once you seal them. Provide detailed labeling. Mention about the content inside. The actual boxes containing delicate products must be marked all sides. Create the saying Delicate Products upon every side of the boxes and on the very best.
When I walk by somebody and smell this on their clothes, my immediate thought is, "Their Mama (or wife) loves them." Its just that little extra step. I use it religiously when I do laundry. It is one of my favorite things...EVER. It is on the list right under God, Family, and my camera (which is technically my 3rd child). I am really a dork when it comes to fabric softener....or just laundry in general. When I open the dryer and notice someone left hang up clothes in there, I go all
I would love to post the pics I have that I have been meaning to post but since I am at my in-laws and they just got their Internet back I am just happy to be able to post anything! When I get back to normal life I will have some cute pics of the boys to share.
sad eye puppy dogs
the hundred burning holes within.
UPDATE: I guess maybe I should tell you how to submit your entries! You can email them to me at mike(dot)speegle(at)gmail(dot)com, OR post a link to your creation in the comments area.
Special thanks go to the developers from mingw-w64 this time, because without their work, this release simply wouldn’t contain 64 bit binaries and Patrick von Reth who worked on the 64 bit support on the KDE side, and who just made this release happen.
That I though would last somehow
Next time I will definitely layer this over a nude underwear coat.
butter. Add peppers, onions, and celery. Saute for
Delicious Doodles also has it's own Challenges on blogger and a shop blog page featuring inspiration from the Design Team.
(Ur-Biere de Neuve: Warm Conditioned, Barrel Aged Sour)
Karen Kingsbury is one of my favorite authors. I have read almost every one of her books. I read her book Waiting For Morning a couple years ago, but when I had the chance to read it again for review, I took it. It was just as good the second time! Hannah Ryan unexpectedly loses her husband and daughter to a drunk driver, and her other daughter survives the accident with injuries. Hannah becomes so obsessed with making sure that the driver gets his punishment that she forgets about God and neglects her surviving daughter. Hannah must learn how to forgive and trust in God again. I love how Karen Kingsbury uses a crisis to show how God can bring someone to a place of forgiveness and peace.
N: Well, it’s the classic problem; we have pledges but I have no idea whether the animals were telling the truth. We’re particularly strong in the eastern section of the ward where the monkey vote looks firmly in your camp. However, you know the monkey’s; young, free-spirited and not particularly interested in politics. As always, we’re really concerned that they won’t turnout. However, we’ve got some really enthusiastic young female monkeys on staff and they’ve pledged to spend the whole day in the trees persuading them to come to the polls.
Dengue Fever is caused when you're bit by the certain mosquito that can carry the Dengue virus. 7-10 days later you begin to show symptoms. Usually it begins with a sudden high fever and body aches. Both of these worsen as the disease takes its course, and are followed by headaches, nausea, and eye aches. The Dengue virus attacks your white blood cells and your platelets, throughout the course of the disease your platelets continually drop, your blood thins, and your liver begins to work overtime. It can take a month or two for your liver function to return to normal, and it can take a month for you to get your energy back to normal after the Dengue virus is gone from your body.
1/2 pound clean, crisp, raw spinach
SHARON: I don’t know what this world’s coming to. That furniture shop in Croydon. Those poor people. How are they going to rebuild their lives? That’s their livelihood gone up in flames. And the flames! The firemen didn’t have a chance of putting it out. Carly’s man’s a fireman. Gorgeous brown eyes. Lucky he don’t work in Croydon. Wouldn’t have wanted to be Carly watching that on telly, worried about her man.
The landlord has filed his own lawsuit, claiming the tenants broke their lease and that the whole “I am Vinz Clortho,The Keymaster” thing is really just a ruse to get out of the contract because the couple is having financial problems and realized they could not afford the rent.
Day 2, pioneer day celebration with Tom and Jeannie. The girls were thrilled to receive a little coin purse to hold their pennies they earned to get some candies at the end of the festivities. They liked sawing wood, panning for gold and playing some old simple games....like throwing a ball at old milk bottles.
Brookings is an odd place. It’s a village/town/sprawl along the 101 highway close to the Californian border which is just somewhere to pass through on the way to somewhere nicer, really. We stopped there as there was nowhere else we could make it to as it was getting late. We visited one of the local taverns, Ken’s, and it really was a local’s tavern. A man was throwing coins at the barmaid as we walked in, but she seemed to take it in her stride. We drank some more of the lovely Mirror Pond Pale Ale – nice to see it on draft there – and made a hasty retreat. But I did quite like it there, it was like a bar you’d see in American movies, dark and dingy and had pool tables. Not that I play pool.
I have always encouraged X to do better in his classes. I have also taken him to school when he's missed his bus, so that he isn't inclined to say "screw it" and ditch. I also really believe that X does try in school. He does put forth an effort, it's just not the way that you'd like it to be. His effort involves simply being there, in a place he hates, every day. Imagine for a moment that you had a job that you hated and yet you couldn't leave for years, a place where people were mean to you, stole things from you, and treated you as someone inferior. All of those things happen to X in school.
The drummers claim that the finance working group even levied a percussion tax of sorts, taking up to half of the $150-300 a day that the drum circle was receiving in tips. “Now they have over $500,000 from all sorts of places,” said Engelerdt. “We’re like, what’s going on here? They’re like the banks we’re protesting.”
Racism is one thing, being aggrieved about the state of your Country because of mass immigration from the 4 corners of the World and the burden on our inherited 'Welfare State' is completely different.
Hudson and I sat in rocking chairs and played checkers.
And I am weeping warm honey and milk
properties to his personal use.
LL: A lot of python and snake-skin accessories. I’ve even seen the girls get manicure of the python, it’s really big and will go into fall strong.
Be back soon with some paper crafting fun!
The photographs, which show now-exposed undercover National Public Order Intelligence Unit police constable Mark Kennedy taking part in a UAF protest against the British National Party in Derbyshire during 2009, have been released by party spokesman Simon Darby.
½ tsp dried thyme
I added seed beads and Tiger eye chips to the jewelry fundamental and added it to the bottom of the ball using hot glue. Lastly, I added a jump ring to a 1/8" punched hole in my image and added it to the kissing ball. Now I am all ready to be KISSED! ;)
Speaking of the all powerful and wonderful Pinterest... this recipe was one that I pinned on my board of recipes to try. I may be completely, absurdly obsessed with lemon and almost always check out all of the recipes with lemon in them.
In the late 1950s, when Abba Eban was Israel’s representative at the United Nations, Israeli Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion ordered an especially murderous raid across the border.
"In 1975, Claudio Rocchi (Stormy Six) was already a well-established counterculture icon and the italian folk-psych-cosmic-out-of-his-head minstrel par excellence. Most of his listeners were hence slightly shocked when he suddenly almost completely replaced the guitars, the strings and the percussions of l miele dei pianeti le isole le api (“the honey of the planets the islands the bees”, 1974) with a cut-up of field recordings, samples, modulated soundwaves and analogic synthesizers assembled in a home studio, building with Rocchi an actual wall of sound between him and his usual audience.
The frame is a stamped image onto card, cut out with scissors. I frayed the inside edges before sprinkling on a layer of clear embossing powder. To finish, I daubed on some white acrylic paint to soften the colour.
US Senator Roy Wyden, after his visit to the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant on 6 April, 2012, issued a press release on 16 April, pointing out the catastrophic risk of Fukushima Daiichi Unit 4, calling for urgent US government intervention. Senator Wyden also sent a letter to Ichiro Fujisaki, Japan’s Ambassador to the United States, requesting Japan to accept international assistance to tackle the crisis.
1 cup gluten free flour (I use Bob’s Red Mill)
loving: how the weather is warming up. can't wait to get to the beach and enjoy some bbqs.
Tim's choice 2008 casa Rivas carmenere gran reserva 14.5% Chilean
However, I would certainly hesitate to complain about such a problem if I lived in St. Croix Falls, Wis. A theater patron in the town wrote a humble e-mail to the theater to voice her displeasure that she could not use a credit or debit card to purchase tickets for a showing of Shutter Island. It seems to me that the majority of Americans walk around with mostly plastic and very little paper in their wallets these days. Her complaint sounds reasonable enough, doesn’t it?
With social media and electronic tracking of EVERYTHING, there really is NO privacy.
Despite having one of the shorter careers out of their contemporaries, the El MidaZ Affair were one of the biggest groups of the early 1970s. Comprised of lead vocalist Javier El MidaZ, drummer Willie “Knuckles” Johnson, bassist Bobby “Too Tall” Willingston, guitarist K.C. Anderson, backup vocalist Rasheeda “Bird” Jackson, horn players Jake and Drake Wyman, and keyboard player Guter Jivelbergen, the group earned their reputation on the chittlin circuit as a must-see live act, playing festivals, state fairs, and jook joints across the south.
When I called just now your first hireling told me he didn’t have the authority to break everything off. I knew what that meant: he was sending for the Big Kahuna to sweet talk me into something I no longer want. Well, I’m sure you’ve heard about how that went. At some point, bringing up the years we’ve been together is the most abrasive strategy there is: it shows me how much of an idiot I’ve been for the last six years. So database that: you’ve lost your hold on me.
DW: Were you at this meeting yourself, Ben?
‘Rihanna impressed with her acting debut in Battleship.’
The vast majority of people who are complaining against the burka are those who haven’t even come across it in real life, have never had to deal with a Muslim woman who wears the burka – so why are they talking about something they have no experience of, no dealings of and where the burka doesn’t even affect their lives?
The words at the beginning of the post were spoken by an elderly gentleman about halfway through the TED video below. He articulates my thoughts so much better than I ever will. He speaks around the middle of the video. Best I shut up and hand over to him, I think. I’ll just stand aside and applaud.
Holiday with family is good I would say, but family being family somehow you tend to create some tension when you spent lots of time together and when fatigue, stress kicked in it is so easy to explode amongst family members as compared to amongst friends. But good thing about family, you fight, you made up and everything is ok again. With friends you may not see them again after the holiday :-)
At the turn of the century the main building was expanded to include a chapel, music hall, and recreation room. The school was decorated with tapestries and exquisitely-carved pieces of furniture. There were several auxiliary buildings on the grounds, including a kitchen and an eight-room brick infirmary known as “Lamar Hall.”
So now the final part of the holiday to get through is New Year. I am lucky in the sense that Kates hates New Year just as much as I do. All the pressure to go out and have fun, screw that. I’m not paying the best part of £40 to go somewhere that would normally cost me nothing on any other day. We always have an anti New Years Eve by having a nice meal in a restaurant in the early evening, take a stroll around London, and then go home to glare at people out of our window.
bill and has a Press Conference scheduled at 2:30 PM today.
To be perfectly honest, this demo completely snuck up on me. It could have been because my interest level in this title is lukewarm at best. It also doesn’t help that it’s releasing very close to a couple of high profile games in the month of May either. Still, I can’t resist the call of a free demo, so after it finished downloading, I dove in. After playing through the demo, I can honestly say that my thoughts on Dragon’s Dogma haven’t really changed much. Still the game is trying to do some interesting things so lets take a closer look.
A fascinating essay from one of you. It's a surprise.
(Pulling away again)
Well this weekend I decided that enough was enough. No more excuses. No more waiting till I lost those last 5 pounds. I was going jean shopping.
On the one hand, the West is addicted to a diet that's killing us. On the other hand, we spend less than 20% of our income on food and spend less than, what, 10 hours a week? preparing food (on average). As somebody who's had to rebuild her entire conception of food from the ground up, I'm still sympathetic to the thinking behind where we are today.
Beginners often make the mistake of not relaxing the arm during the recovery and of moving the hand too high and too far away from the body, in some cases even higher than the elbow. In these cases, drag and incidental muscle effort is increased at the expense of speed. Beginners often forget to use their shoulders to let the hand enter as far forward as possible. Some say the hand should enter the water thumb first, reducing drag through possible turbulence, others say the middle finger is first with the hand precisely bent down, giving thrust right from the start. At the beginning of the pull, the hand acts like a wing and is moved slower than the swimmer while at the end it acts like an oar and is moved faster than the swimmer.
Parties make me feel as bad
Police have never found any trace of Charlene and two men were acquitted of her murder after a jury failed to reach verdicts.
Many, many more than we can list and the team at Now Training are ever poised ready to offer you the best training at the best prices the market has to offer. We don’t want our customers to spend their valuable time surfing the ocean of offers, that’s our job, so if you are looking to book training let us tell you what offers we have waiting for you; just call us on 01920 460211 or email Rachel at: Rachelc@nowtraining.co.uk
Also Includes 'Newcastle Home Brew Awards'
that I had to risk my life and perform a daring circus act in order to walk
Prescott Farmers Market
Yes, The ice cream man of Kensington.
2. In them that hope in His mercy
in sharp, inexorable drops
My spirit they will be blown
G-Dragon has produced the new album ‘ALIVE’ (in) less than a year from the last album. What is the concept of the new release?
Here is what I came up with:
After the gym we met up with some friends at the children's farm in town. Ryann was enjoying watching the geese run around. However all she talked about for the rest of the day was how we saw a peacock but it didn't open its feathers. I think she was pissed about that :o). Apparently all the walking around the farm wore her out, because I had to wake her from another 3 hour nap. We spent the afternoon coloring away. Her crossed little footies and cute ponytail were making my heart swell.
cl = cluster (combining 2 or more stitches in one space/stitch, example: 3 dc in one stitch = cluster)
They repeated this unsubstantiated lie so often that eventually the Sandra Laing case was universally considered as one of the most striking examples of recessive alleles finally having recombined after several generations, and once again forming an individual reflective of racial mixing which occurred several generations previously. I did not make this up, I promise --- I found it here.
Blog Carnvial was repaired for a bit but is now down again, so please send in your submissions directly via email.
Two of far nobler shape, erect and tall,
And all who get too close are sorry
I nod my head as I really have no idea at all.
Many people who lost their jobs in the 1930s still made their debt payments, as long as they had an incentive to do. Today homeowners with negative equity have little financial incentive to make their payments. By focusing so much on “affordability,” the Obama adminstration’s latest policies do little to prevent strategic default, and should not be expected to alleviate the foreclosure crisis.
Mark Denning RN
That’s the Washington Post headline of an interesting and somewhat disturbing Thanksgiving Day piece by Lisa Miller. The column follows with pronouncements from African-American theologians and academicians who focus on “justice,” and Jesus as a class warrior, and this provocative gem from Obery Hendricks, a Bible professor at Union Theological Seminary: political conservatives who call themselves Christians but oppose government programs that help the poor are not, in any meaningful way, Christians.
“Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.”
Two Photographs
“I’m in the back doing the wash, son!”
“Ninety nine point two,” Jane said, putting the thermometer down on her nightstand. “Been coming down little by little all day.”
I also have the hen-peckers and rah-rah-trannies to thank. If they hadn't shown me how much hatred they're capable of expressing, I may have never had to start collecting hearts from scratch again.
Within this framework, we’ll work with the Afghans to determine what support they need to accomplish two narrow security missions beyond 2014 — counter-terrorism and continued training. But we will not build permanent bases in this country, nor will we be patrolling its cities and mountains. That will be the job of the Afghan people.
I write you everyday, you know. Well, maybe you don’t know because it sounds like you might not be getting them very quickly. But now I guess you do know. I didn’t write you the day I drove down to see you, and I didn’t write you the day I drove back, so I guess technically I did not write you every day, but the sentiment is still there.
Candlelight.
Run for the hills: the Gabe files
C03 Let Me Seduce You
Called a "grade A killer debut" by one major daily, Scars' music is different from the chaotic/alt/metal sound of System of a Down, the Grammy-winning, multi-Platinum band that Malakian and Dolmayan were part of for nearly a decade. Scars music is more song-based and showcases Malakian's varied writing style, from the simmering rock sound of "World Long Gone" to the melodic yet desolate "Universe." On the politically-tinged "3005," Malakian proves he is still as provocative as ever with the lyric, "Let's clap our hands for the president and Jesus Christ/And don't forget Charles Manson..." And "They Say," the first track leaked to the public, is heavy, but in more of a 1970s punk fashion. Some of the other confirmed tracks include "Enemy," ""Stoner Hate," "Babylon," and "Cute Machines."
Forgive and forget
Fast forward to later that night, all traces of colour-co-ordinating baseball caps are removed to reveal our glossy hair, though we do still smell faintly of gherkins. We walk into Tom Peppers, the main pub, with it's sticky tables and carpets from all the drinks that have been spilt, and a palpable sense of release in the air as everyone forgets about the day job, and takes advantage of the buy-one-drink-get-one-free offer.
We’re sorry we hurt you.
“At this stage, we couldn’t play the opening game. That’s a fact.”
I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again, watching a player work his way up is the best part of baseball. Seeing players play in their first game or season then the next level and the next, year after year. We also saw Joe Savery pitch his first game in Williamsport and now he’s on the Phillies 25 man roster. Its like a circle of life and it moves us all…
In 1963, Dr. Bateson was allegedly invited by Taylor Pryor to work under cover of the Oceanic Foundation in Hawaiion cetacean and other problems of animal and human communication. Bateson remained in Hawaii working with the Culture Institute of the EWC. It was during the EWC-HU period that Bateson developed the fourth period – the new epistemology – that stems from systems and ecology.[55] Human “ecology” is a CIA code-word for behavior modification and mind control.[56]
My cutie pie but off-key Finnish boy who's out to save the world --
When bolshie French President de Gaulle withdrew France from the common NATO military command in February 1966, he ordered all American military forces to leave France. US President Lyndon B Johnson asked Secretary of State Dean Rusk to seek further clarification from President de Gaulle by asking whether the bodies of buried American soldiers must leave France as well. Rusk recorded in his autobiography that de Gaulle did not respond when asked, "Does your order include the bodies of American soldiers in France's cemeteries?
In What is the Impact of Financial Advisors on Retirement Portfolio Choices and Outcomes?, John Chalmers of the University of Oregon and Jonathan Reuter of Boston College and NBER examined choices and outcomes in the Oregon University System’s Optional Retirement Plan by looking at participants who used an advisor and those who self-directed their choices. Overall, advisor clients earned net returns that were approximately one percentage point lower per year with much higher volatility. On a risk-adjusted basis, therefore, self-directed investors outperformed their counterparts who used advisors by more than 2 percentage points per year— a difference that is obviously both economically and statistically significant.
I used 100 year old prints from a study of diseased and bug-infested trees, 40 year old science books, a crane cut from a 1950's book on Japanese art, a 1970's woodland floral print, and real Guinea hen feathers. (I know I'm forgetting something!)
Gee Santa, I didn’t ask for a Bluetooth!
Today was grandparents day at my daughter's school. It's her final one actually as she is in Year 6. My Dad dutifully attends this event every year. He takes the morning off work, rocks up in his suit, eats his hot-cross bun and heads back to the office. My parents live an hour away and it's a rather convoluted trip to the office.
Besides games, my other choices are TV shows, because they’re short enough to sit down and watch with dinner without feeling like you’re committing several hours of time to, and because they’re comfortably familiar. In particular, I’ve lost count of the number of times that I’ve watched Black Books and Spaced. Spaced in particular, for me, represents possibly the very best of British television. It’s clever, it’s funny, it’s well-written and above all, it’s evergreen. It’s still just as relevant today as it is now, though watching it as a slightly older person changes my perspective on it somewhat. Black Books, on the other hand, represents the other extreme of what British comedy does well – the bizarre and the uncanny. Black Books makes absolutely no sense and thus, going by past experience, it utterly confuses Americans. Admittedly I base this assumption on the fact that my brother found it really funny and my sister-in-law didn’t get it at all, so it may be a somewhat hasty conclusion. But if you want to switch your brain off and enjoy some purely comic situations, there’s few things that will beat it.
My parents started packing their home into boxes mid December and ever since then, I've been getting emails, texts and calls from my mother, all sounding something like this
This poetic art form, a component of a larger Japanese literary aesthetic is rigidly adhered to, being a construct of 5 lines consisting of two separate divides each recitable in a single breath. A “pivotal image.” somewhere in the third line relates or links to the upper two lines intended to be on one subject and the lower two lines written on another subject.
42. Id. iii, verse 24.
prizes:
That said, I have to get back to this “job” because apparently writing a blog is not considered a means to help prevent youth from spreading HIV/AIDS, STIs, or from becoming pregnant. Who knew?!
winsome giggles of inspiration
PLEASE GIVE ME YOUR THOUGHTS ON THIS…AM I CRAZY?!
My goal is to name a 1,000 things I am grateful for, every Monday making a list or maybe just naming one or two things...
The complaint names the department’s director, its pharmacy supervisor and unnamed execution team leaders as defendants. By law, the executioners’ names are secret. But Shapiro said depositions of unnamed witnesses and other discovery materials in federal lawsuits show that the drugs, available only by prescription, are not being administered by licensed medical professionals.
To further convince you of the importance of sleep, see below picture:
Still, I can't help but think about my next life, the one I plan on having when the days of child rearing and dodging the cookie cutter suburban mindset that acts as my own personal quicksand is behind me. I have noticed that I tend to look backwards when planning to go forward, so I know I'll reach for what brings me joy, comfort and a feeling of home and belonging. My parents adapted very well to the US, I obviously love this country but I've never had the strong urge to stay here. I can't think of anything better than a life filled with afternoon matés on a pretty balcony in BA, nighttime tango bars and trips to Mendoza, Mar de Plata and Patagonia. I love Argentina, the thought of making my way back there makes me happy, walking the streets lends me a familiar feeling of childhood times surrounded by my family, the vibe haunts the cities and envelops me with warmth. Since today my song challenge is to post a song that makes me happy, I can only contribute a video that I love, because this is what Buenos Aires sounds like …. one day it will be my new life, where I can keep only what I want from this one and go on my merry way. How can that make me feel anything but utterly thrilled?
We haven't won a game this season yet. But we will. I know we will. Maybe even tonight.
First cabin passengers, 325.
The Word of God says: My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge
Qualification: Any Graduation
EL TESORERO DE FILIPINAS, recurrido.
The restored footage was discovered in a film archive in Buenos Aires and is mainly due to the never ending determination of film archivist Fernando Pena. The reels found were in 16 millimeter and very grainy, subsequently when viewing the film you can easily distinguish where the new found footage is in the restored version in addition to an obvious change in the film ratio.
Further Kompany says Manchester derby this time is drawing attention of the world. Currently he is almost the same as the derby El Clasico. Belgian player has even cited the enormous impact that this derby to Indonesia.
Here’s what I can’t control:
I’m sure that the two players described above hope that their rookie seasons come close to that of the previous years number 1 pick. If they do we will all know that these sleazy shock news reports were just draft fodder to drum up controversy right before 8pm April 26, 2012 at Radio City Music Hall in New York, NY.
I welcomed a healthy baby boy into the world early in the am and had my then sister in law send the email to Bill several hours later announcing his son's arrival. As family and friends from afar called my hospital room to congratulate me on the birth of my son, a nurse came running in the room yelling at me..."your husband is on the phone and can not get in because you are on the line, get off so we can transfer". You would have thought he was the President of the U.S. seeing how excited my nurse was. Because I live hidden in my bubble during deployments, I had not been following the news. There was an event happening and my husband was heading toward it. He was calling from a CNN phone while climbing aboard a helo enroute to Kosovo. Yep, these civilian nurses were hearing a helicopter and excessive commotion in the background and at that moment they were believers in the fight. The fight my husband and other members of the Corps so willingly do as a job. Keep in mind that at this point I did not know where he was headed nor did he let me know, he likes my bubble (this is when he only said watch the news honey). I was beaming when I heard his voice and crying at the same time. I knew he was beaming and I could not hold back the joy I had in telling him all about our bouncing baby boy who came into the world loved so deeply and rejoiced by his family. Bill, asked what his name would be... we had not finalized that one yet. I told him Sammy Jo.... ok I admit it, I let Sal make the decision and he was only two and a half years old. Hey... no judging here, I was alone and needed to keep myself mentally strong, I figured who better to decide between Sebastian and Sammy Jo than him right? Lets be honest, what name do you think a two and a half year old is even capable of saying. Yes, I will admit I blamed the oldest in case the dad from afar did not agree. LOL
We have been very busy around here -getting ready for Valentine's Day.
They moved the tent. My brother handed the ashes to the worker who stood in the hole. He placed the box inside a steel box in the ground. Then they asked if we had anything else to place in the box with her. We didn’t know we could do that. No one told us and I didn’t think to ask. I had never done this before. But nephew’s mom had the bouquet which she was pleased to put in the box. I put in a red rose as did my sister-in-law. That was it. We didn’t know what else to do.
in non- sentient towers.
Further, the lawyers from the lawyers movement, in the aftermath of their rule of law revolution, have recoiled. There is no mass drive in the lower judiciary to change the system so people have access to justice, just political intrigue in the higher echelons. Here and there, people will surface with small plans in good faith. But even the education of law does not allow the development of local doctrines or critical legal thought.
Oh, and for those of you who are frustrated with all the different submission guidelines out there, I want to point out that my guidelines don't ask for the first chapter but Seré sent it anyway, and I am so glad that she did. From the first paragraph, I knew she could write, and I requested the entire thing and read it immediately. So I am going to add one more rule of thumb here:
Through the language glass,
If pressure from your parents is causing you to grow the guest list offer this compromise: A small wedding ceremony and reception then go on your honeymoon and allow your parents to host a post-wedding reception bash in your honor when you're back. You can also have a small ceremony in your hometown and then a few days (or weeks) later have a reception with the larger guest list.
I wish you peace and serenity, despite any last minute rushing that might be part of your holiday
Hope this New Year brings happiness to all and a prosperous year, and please keep reading my blog, I promise I will try to entertain you all with the very latest in music, movies and technology!
“Our grown rubber trees should have helped many families out of poverty by now. Is this not what the government wants?
This lady also told me that she used to hold one arm up to the child (metaphorically) so the child wouldn’t get to close to her heart, while with the other arm holding the child close. It was her way to manipulate her feelings so if the baby was taken away, she wouldn’t be as hurt. But she said after doing that with the first few, she felt God very strongly telling her to STOP IT. To love that child like you would if he was your own and if he doesn’t stay, then God will supply the comfort and grace at that time. But to stop trying to manipulate her own feelings and to trust HIM!
First Sketch Prize...This is the Prize for the winner voted on by the Design Team for October's challenge...and don't forget there will be 2 random drawings for 2 more lucky winners and you know Pam won't disappoint with those 2 prizes either...So let's get this Contest started!!!
...but... the nagging doubts...
CAMERA PANS TO A CLOSE-UP.
I’d also like to thank those who have made donations to help defray our costs. Unfortunately, said donations do not help enough, and as a result sometime soon we’ll be adding in some Google Ads. We’re going to try and keep it minimal, and if donations continue to come in . . . well, we’ll see.
Pour sauce over gnocchi and sprinkle with Parmigiano-Reggiano over top. Bake gnocchi until they puff and cheese is golden and bubbly, about 25 minutes. Let gnocchi rest for 5 minutes before serving.
It was our small contribution to a very big problem. I must admit it did feel rather overwhelming, but sometimes that’s all it takes: “one wave to create a ripple effect,” so they say. I was actually hoping it would entice fellow vacationers to do the same, perhaps even persuade them to clean up after themselves.
Little known fact: I have a life-size Winnie the Pooh stuffed animal that I’ve had since I was seven. My parents bought it to replace the one I usurped from my sister during our younger years. If I’m having a particularly awful day, sometimes I’ll fall asleep with The Heffalump Movie playing on my computer. The background on my iPhone is of the 100 Acre Woods. I get all chocked up when watching Winnie the Pooh: A Valentine for You. (At the end… when Pooh decides not to try to cure Christopher Robin’s smitten condition because he see’s that Christopher Robin is happy. So. Beautiful.)
+All Is Harvest
You know what you are, you don't give a damn;
I have to admit – and hopefully this can help some of you relate to what I’m going to talk about – there was once a time when I thought BSL was a good idea. It was back before I worked for the shelter, and I thought, “If they make pit bulls illegal then people won’t have access to them for dog fighting and it’s better for the doggies!” Could I have been more naive? Ha. Just goes to show you how “Joe Schmoe” I was: no inside info about pit bulls, no look into the rescue world, and no biases based on the work I do. So, while I know I’ll be preaching to the choir for a lot of you, I also hope to share some insight for others.
1. Whole grain pasta, 1 packet.
If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery then these designers should consider themselves very much admired by the design team at H&M. While it is not uncommon to take a little element here and there from a great piece that comes down the runway, line by line copies with minimal changes in fabric or small details are generally not lauded by high-end designers. The looks that are presented during fashion week retail for hundreds more dollars than H&M’s rock bottom prices. A fact that is not lost on the labels or savvy customers for that matter.
Lastly, I added that hoot owl trivet. I spray painted him so I don't think he's useful for hot dishes any more.
joyous
5. Eco-Money Savers Hiding in Your Own Home by Yahoo Finance
We see the same transformation in John’s life. He who was known as a son of thunder becomes the apostle of love. His gospel and his letters provide a wonderful glimpse into what the love of God looks like.
Like much of the UK and Europe we have seen some quite unusual weather over the last fortnight with cooler temperatures and some much needed rain. The locals are certainly bringing back out their winter gear!
Moses saw that the people were running wild and that Aaron had let them get out of control and so become a laughingstock to their enemies. Exodus 32:25
I hope to be back in the studio soon but until then enjoy the roses (currently blooming in my front yard) and have a very Happy Mother's Day!!!
A Suspicious
Winter of ’44. Reitz has a fanatical captain attached to a propaganda unit at the front exclaim, “Did Dante really enter the Kingdom of Hell? Did Hieronymus Bosch see with his own eyes the Garden of Pleasure? … No! But the divine flame consumed them! The artist sees things according to his own inspiration. Do you know who said that? Our own minister, Dr. Goebbels. Does that surprise you? The true art of the 20th century is not the feature film, but the newsreel.” Geobbels, connected with Kristallnacht in 1938 and later with the Nazi Endlösung (Final Solution), pioneered the use of broadcasting for propaganda purposes. Reitz, no stranger to journalism, is persuaded otherwise, and points out that the most enduring works have been not documentaries, but works of fiction, or reenactments, such as those by Flaherty.
So I enlisted the help of Matt and Bristol's Uncle Mike ( he built the fridge) to make her kitchen awesome. With a suggestion from my friend Sarah we added a spice rack. Then we added hooks for pot holders, made the front of her fridge magnetic, and put on a real faucet unit.
My kid is broken.
Too has a needed “loo-bloo” epiphany -
If you’re ever in the Welsh marches, anywhere near Presteigne, I’d put this place in the must visit category. Light, bright, beautiful and very tasty cakes! The perfect place for a birthday morning tea.
What is required is a BASIC INCOME GRANT for all those without employment. A Basic Income Grant that would ensure all being within a certain income bracket receives the Grant to ensure a dignified quality of living. This will also stop “Economic Slavery” as now one will not be forced to work a job they don’t want to, simply because they have no money and must take that particular job. With a Basic Income Grant this will immediately stop homelessness. As ALL citizens would be entitled to a Basic Income Grant.
…there’s currently a buyer’s market in women who are up for just about anything with the right kind of cad, what with delayed marriage (the average age for a woman’s first wedding is now 26, compared with 20 in 1960, according to the University of Virginia-based National Marriage Project’s latest report); reliable contraception; and advances in antibiotics (no more worries about what used to be called venereal disease). No-fault divorce, moreover, has pushed the marriage-dissolution rate up to between 40 and 50 percent and swelled the single-female population with “cougars” in their 30s, 40s, 50s, and beyond. On top of it all is the feminist-driven academic and journalistic culture celebrating that yesterday’s “loose” women are today’s “liberated” women, able to proudly “explore their sexuality” without “getting punished for their lust,” as the feminist writer Naomi Wolf put it in the Guardian in December.
As well as a journey through the geographical landscape, the novel is at least as much a journey through the spiritual landscape of Late Roman Britain. Roman gods, British goddesses, the soldiers’ cult of Mithras and Christianity all play a role, and the ancient myth of Proserpina/Persephone and her abduction by Hades is a key component. The characters believe in omens, portents and supernatural powers; this is a world where a strange dog can be a sign from the gods. Vilbia in particular is seeking a renewal of her faith in the goddess she serves, and even the outwardly materialistic Canio seems to be searching as much for spiritual meaning and human contact as for the hidden gold. All the apparently supernatural events are at least ambiguous, capable of some natural explanation or possibly confined to the characters’ imaginations, so it is up to the reader to decide whether to share the characters’ beliefs.
Adieu to all and keep fighting the good fight,
The purpose of a query letter is to entice an agent to read on. This is a packing list instead of a of a word picture of the contents of the box, or a list of ingredients for a cake rather than a taste of the cake itself.
Everybody and their mother claims that on Full Tilt the weaker hand always seems to win. I have to tell you, I don’t really believe that is the case, but I have to say over the past 2 days I have been beat after leading in a hand pre-flop at least 20 times when being all in. Some pretty bad, some not soo bad.
Short run WTP? t-shirts were made by a local rock music record store, this one was lost to antiquity. pic: Stuart Maitland (Buttface co-editor)
Know that you can still make requests, I just don't know when I will get around to posting. Also please know that I think of you and your children often. You are never far from my mind and always close to my heart.
My son says to tell you that he plays expert on drums and guitar. Show-off. He wants you to say "Oh he's so handsome and good at rock band!"
(Pictures from google)
Pseudoroegneria spicata ssp. spicata (Bluebunch Wheatgrass)
It had been 45 years since I last saw Ahmet Yilmaz. We shared a year at Plainview High School in 1965-66 when he arrived as an exchange student from Turkey. Ahmet was placed through the American Field Service, originally a program for ambulance drivers in World War I that morphed into a student exchange. In his year, 1500 students from around the world came to the United States to “connect lives and share cultures”.
Almost half the abortions that occur in North America are repeat abortions.
Liberty Leading the People
Jewels of black. Wells of endless depth.
of enchantment and the materials
The Richard Rosson-directed film was made for Paramount, and features the Paramount "junior stars." Besides Brooks, its cast includes then up-and-comers Richard Arlen, James Hall, Nancy Phillips, and El Brendel. Rolled Stockings, adapted from an original story idea by Frederica Sagor, proved popular in the summer of 1927 – and not only in the United States. It also played across Latin America and Europe.
Strong customer response to higher-priced items, including big-screen TVs, mattresses and certain jewelry offerings contributed to a slight uptick in average selling price in the quarter, as well as a more modest increase in units shipped and an expected increase in return rates.
As I say, it's good that men are trying to be nicer guys, and I'm sure The Good Men Project do a lot of worthy things, but...if you have to actually declare yourself to be a nice, sensitive guy, it's probably because you're not sufficiently coming across that way with your actions. That's really the kind of stuff other people are supposed to say about you, rather than something you announce yourself.
One of the girl's visions tell Rachel that the girls weren't runaways, but victims of a monster - a killer who commits perfect crimes.
who, with the Father, in the unity of the Holy Spirit,
Friday=Best Day Ever, a.k.a My Birthday. The Big 2-4, people!
It took me about a year to write The Hunt. As the story came into its own, it really sucked me in and I was writing at a pretty fast pace the last month or two. I spent a few weeks on revisions, then out went the query letter to several agents. Two weeks later, I had seven offers of representation. Two months later, St. Martin’s Press bought the book at auction. While I was still in a cloud of disbelief, my foreign rights agent called me with the wonderful news that Simon & Schuster (UK) bought the UK rights in a pre-empt. It all happened is such a mad, exciting flurry!
So, with all my time spent dashing between meetings and events – often spilling well into the evening – it can be tough trying to fit time in to cook a scrummy-Stepford-Wives-esque meal. Having friends over for dinner mid week? Crikey… Better break out the chilli again! Well, food munchers, no more shall I fear the masses descending on my house! No more shall I fret when I waltz in through the door as the clock strikes late.
"You must wake and call me early, call me early, mother dear;
NOW. We want to see your projects! If you decide to share your own project, I've included the link tool at the bottom. Just make sure that in your own blog post you link back to all four of the hosts: me, Katie, Sherry, and Cassie. And you can even put the banner in your post, too, to make it really legit. Here's how you link up:
I stood there for those five or ten seconds or so that it took for the woman to get out the door, mind sifting through a hundred bad ideas and coming up with nothing, knowing that I was failing right then. Knowing that I might be blowing the chance to save this girl's life.
Finally, indexed annuities allow investors to track the performance of a financial index. The annuity will usually track the index in a bull market; however, the issuers of the annuity also guarantee a minimum annual interest rate to avoid losses when the index is in a downturn.
May 02, 2012 03:01 PM EDT
It is quite hot here now so the air-conditioner has really helped. We worked slowly for most of the day, but in the afternoon we usually went to the pool for an hour or so to cool off and discuss the sailing situation in the Red Sea with other cruisers. Several boats from the Indonesia Rally have changed plans and will be heading to South Africa instead, either this year or next.
The spokesman let slip that Jacky Creft, the Minister for Education and Maurice's partner, is 'up there with Maurice'.
Types of Emotional Abuse
The first up is my LIZARD LOVERS group, which is geared toward those that are pet-parents to snakes, lizards, amphibians and other exotic pets. And I’m trying to be certain that it stays geared towards pet ownership. Feeding, housing, health, even shopping WITH your repti-baby. We cover a wide range of exotic animals.
Regarding the years 2000-2005, what sources of income did plaintiff Julian Robertson have and where were they derived from?
Ok, so this one doesn’t really have to do with the INTJ, but it is somewhat related to the Myers-Briggs and I thought it was incredible funny!
6 Tuning Up
to the restoration He provides.
The front page of today’s Times (sadly hidden behind the Murdoch paywall) shows fashion designer Alice Temperley, daughter of Somerset cidermaker Julian Temperley, who is expressing her concerns about the potential effect of the government’s minimum pricing plans on farmhouse cidermakers. Inside the paper, there’s a two-page spread on the issue.
“The development of Hudson Yards is going to take place over a series of economic cycles,” Lieber said, noting that it would take “decades to complete” 24 million square feet.
Caffeine, cake and kiddies gone crazy...bring it on.
“Do you have a hearing aid?” What?
This was my favourite stand at the London Book Fair, where I was Monday to Wednesday. It was from Romania, who were not the official guests, but more of that anon. Cool, isn't it?
You get MAXIMUM rakeback deals at reliable rooms.
Stella Notecor, "Making a Commercial Novel More Upmarket Using Setting," to air Tuesday, May 31st.
Journal of Urban History published 3 August 2010, 10.1177/0096144210374016
One thing I do love in Lavinia, which is otherwise a good but unremarkable historical novel, is the relationship between Lavinia and Virgil. Only the men of Lavinia’s line see the prophesying dead at the sacred springs; what Lavinia meets there is Virgil in his death throes, long after he wrote The Aeneid. Their relationship is, quite frankly, beautiful. Virgil laments how much he got wrong about her—including her hair color—and what disservice he’s done. He tells her about Aeneas and the two talk about life, Lavinia’s fate, and other things. One of those hauntingly beautiful lines is Lavinia recalling what Virgil said to her—I shan’t spoil it. Lavinia’s awareness of her own fictionality stems from here, as she tries to reconcile the fact that she’s a character in a story with the reality of her life. There’s something meta about it, of course, but Le Guin doesn’t push this as much as I would have liked. Her fictionality gives her a thin immortality, which separates her from her dead and, unfortunately, robs the novel of a real ending—after all, if it’s the story of her life, and her life never ends, where can you really go?
I don’t see myself in the same light everyone else does. Maybe I feel I need to over compensate for the pain I’ve experienced and that by volunteering or being in the service of helping others will erase a painful past.
I got the battery exchanged, and headed back to the car - only to get another phone call from my daughter. Round two with the cell phone store. They were blowing her off again. I handled that, and decided I would attempt to install the battery myself. No sooner had I reached the car though, when my young man hurried back out to help me. Within 3 minutes he had it installed (this would have taken me at least 15 minutes, and likely would have soiled my clothing). He was certain that the battery wasn't the problem, however, as it was a brand new battery that they had just received. I explained to him why I was certain it was - and sure enough, the car turned right over. I thanked him profusely, and was on my way.
So now that you know what a Brandy Alexander is(think milkshake with a kick!) and you know that today is the National day, go have yourself one today!! And with the snowstorm we are expecting here in Chicago, a Alexander would be a great after dinner cocktail for me this evening!!
Either way, there’s some work ahead.
I’m feeling very pleased with myself at the moment.
the synthetic dyes from the food in
His ballet score Cendrillon (Cinderella) received over one hundred performances. Sor’s works for guitar range from pieces for beginning players to advanced players such as Variations on a Theme of Mozart.
GPs 94
Dr. Schmidt nodded a smile. Do you know family?
“ You promised me Lord,
Directions: Select serving of parfait glasses that hold 3/4 to 1 cup capacity. In two separate bowls, prepare pudding mixes according to package directions. Fill glasses with alternating layers of vanilla and butterscotch pudding. Chill 5-10 minutes. Garnish parfaits with Jelly Belly beans on top and a fan wafer if desired.
Oh and if you want to make this same exact quilt, I also have the kits in my shop too! You will be able to find them by clicking here, we are just waiting on one more bolt of fabric to complete them. Once that comes in then we can begin shipping.
Chop avocado. Serve salad topped with avocado, salsa, crushed chips and ranch dressing.
Friday was Friday Night Sew In and I managed to get the following done.
*Thanks for the all the quotes C&L peeps*
I was driving through a local city the other day, was stopped at a red light, and noticed a Korean barbecue on the corner. I looked across the street and saw another Korean barbecue on the opposite corner. Have any of you ever been in a Korean barbecue? I haven’t, and I never knew they were so popular.
A husband and wife were at a party chatting with some friends
20 sledgehammer tire swings
Anyway, on one of the last trips we made to pick up her stuff, her partner gave us this resin/plastic turtle with some sort of platform on its back. The feet were broken, and his mom had used it as a plant stand.
"Fancy a pint of cold Tennent's Lager?"
Thanks Nichole for doing the interview!
The terror as depicted in Lovecraft’s stories, is something we are not aware of but have some foreboding. Worse is the hindsight we get from the disturbing Lovecraftian tales. It isn’t the thing to which we are exposed to that let us react attracted but repelled at the same time.In movies often shocking pictures are used to evoke a direct physical response from the audience (e.g. Saw). The more interesting thing here is the deviant pleasure we create by using the attention span and growing a little paranoia. And in my opinion this is why people prefer deep immersion in role-playing games and bleed when they have first experienced it. How do you enter those states?
What's your favorite bookstore? Have you been to any cool ones like The Strand?
A while ago I learned of "Mercury in Retrograde". What an interesting time this is. If you've had trouble getting something off the ground recently this could be why. Try again in a week or more and you should have more luck. This explains A LOT of moodiness for me.
It is shameful to admit this because we'd all like to pretend that we captivate the hearts of all of our students and they sing our praises all day long. But that would be a lie. Every great teacher has some kids who just don't like them. And I've got one for sure this year. I have my suspicions.
while throwing away one of the potted plants, I was bit by a black widow spider.
Homecoming Part 1
-Year: 1987-1994
As usual, the sign up form (below) will be available for one week - so get signing! Also, please take a minute to re-read our Rules and Information section.
Makes 4-6 (depending on the size of your tart pans)
Now I know this is a little corny but have you ever found yourself in a situation where you go back and forth about if something is right to do? There is a great difference between black and white and sadly most of us can’t seem to keep the two sides separate. We tend to pick piece of white and black logic and mix them together to create a decision that is “right” for us. This is the grey area.
If you're the type of person who doesn't like to click another link, I'll explain how this technique is accomplished, although please remember JJ created this technique, not me.
I’d like to wish Nathaniel the best of luck with his future endeavours and hope that he finds a club where he can settle and get his career back on track.
The image was stamped with Night of Navy and I used Pool Party, Island Indigo, and Marina Mist markers to color the image.
*Advertising Issues
a project having to do with Mother's Day. This is
With the splendid weather and great food, we felt optimistic about our prospect for success. And we were - almost doubling the result of last years fund-raiser. Though, beyond the money raised (and that sure is important), participating members were rewarded with the satisfaction that comes from teamwork and camaraderie. One of the great thing about events like the fund-raiser, is that it gathers members together, spurring informal get-to-know-you sessions.
The recent NDAA defense bill contained language expressly intended to hold up approval of L2's network until further tests are completed. “Our military is heavily reliant on GPS capability to do its job. It is unacceptable for our armed forces to be put at greater risk or made less effective as a result of LightSquared’s operations,” Rep. Michael Turner said in a statement. “Our troops are depending on our government, and the FCC, to do the right thing.”
First thing this morning, I walked to the bakery with Meg. It was so good. I tried this giant croissant thing with creme cheese in it and had the coconut thing again.
No. of unemployed people in Norway declined to 85000 in February vs 90000 in November vs 87000 in January. (RTT News)
catch you soon,
I was so chuffed when I was named a finalist, but then seeing who my fellow finalists were I did then realise that this wasn't about winning this was about celebration. I love that we all got through to the finals, because all of us are about family fun and its not just one aspect, I think between us we pretty much have the market sewn up!
Something hidden away
Spending money like there’s no tomorrow
The book does take a while to pick up though, an that’s a problem for me. Until Michael gets about a quarter of the way through the book, the book really is something I had a hard time getting into. Also, the two story at a time thing is something I was never good at. It’s just something that’s a difficult thing to do for me. I was never a double tasker.
On 9/11, we were blindsided. But we never should have been.
Weeks later I gave it more serious thought. After all, how many times in my life would I have the opportunity to go on a real adventure with one of my kids? Here was the opportunity to share our mutual enjoyment of cocktails and food in a city and a culture neither of us had ever experienced. I wasn't particularly interested in attending programs at Tales, but I figured I could do a little exploration on my own while Alex and two of his friends soaked up knowledge, booze and networking connections. I was only worried that it would be so godawful hot and muggy that I'd never go anywhere.As it turned out, the friends dropped out and neither Alex or I attended Tales. We did, however, have a great time and my preconceptions and view of New Orleans were turned upside down.
Five months later I received an acceptance letter. I cried for half an hour. All mixed up, happy and scared.
My first attempt was not as fluffy, just like ordinary avocado milk shake. But my 2nd attempt was fluffy.
“Same thing in Brooklyn,” Brodsky cut in.
For this life we live is a mystery
Back Cover Blurp:
Let the oppressed go free,
Andy is Australian. He was born in Australia, his name in Andy. He also has a Vietnamese name (Anh) and can speak and understand some Vietnamese (he calls it Vietlish). Both his parents were born in Vietnam. Andy views and understands Vietnam as the foreigner he is; but has his father to explain what is different and strange to Andy.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar was the first book I bought Henri. A caterpillar eats his way through all kinds of foods and then spins a cocoon and turns into a butterfly. I love the innocent awe that children express when they turn that last page and see the beautiful butterfly. The book introduces children to the ideas of transformation and new beginnings.
All in all the Police were not the ones at fault here. They were being misled by a liar and a cheat and wild accusations by those on a social mission or "witch hunt"
I expect this team to get beyond the second round! At a minimum, that's the kind of step forward we should expect from a team that has spent the majority of the season in first place of both the Atlantic Division, and the Eastern Conference. And if you believe in natural progression, then getting beyond the second round is also the next logical step for this club.
I heard her wasted argument.
A proposed moratorium on municipal broadband has sailed through the state Senate and is now awaiting debate in the House of Representatives. But some lawmakers in the House are intent on derailing any proposal that would delay the development of local broadband networks. They say the future of the state depends on unfettered broadband access.
This is a deal to good to miss out on so stop by @ any of the stores i sell in and grab your bargain!!
Sherry vinaigrette (1 part sherry vinegar, 3 parts olive oil)
I will live as I see fit, as always. And I am not rabidly emotional over this stuff like it may seem. I'm just curious to see what is next, and wish I could anticipate it in a way that would make me money without it being tax dollars.
The current state of South Africa is a sterling example of what is fated to happen to a modern country when a primitive people have the leeway to reassert their identity....at all costs. This process, known as indigenization, or re-primitivization, is characterized by, inter alia, abysmal levels of corruption, brutal inter-tribal conflict, nepotism and a collapsing infrastructure. Alas, the sad story of post-colonial Africa.
yeah, so he said i had 19.1%. fuck my motherfucking life. i went up two percent. thats not fucking okay. goddamn military. lifestyle change imminent.
Butler explains that her own experience from being picked on in school is what motivated her to start this petition.
Guinness Stout and Chocolate Cupcake = Irish Stout, Chocolate, and Coffee Whoopie Pie
A lot of struggles go on in the mind of a man on a daily basis. The struggles come in form of negative thoughts and suggestions which the devil use to introduce confusion, doubts and ultimately lure his victims into committing sin.
Anyway, what we're doing here today is wrapping up our Third Annual Christmas Letter. I know you been waiting. So here we go.
02 Bank Holiday
~ I went to yoga tonight for the first time since I don't even remember when. I feel like I did better than I thought I would, but I'll know for sure tomorrow depending on the extensiveness of the pain.
So, take this post with a grain of salt. These are only my opinions, after all. And you know what they say about opinions – “only mine is ever right.” Wait, isn’t that what they say?
When the sky is clear of all clouds, the stars at night shine very beautifully; similarly, when a person is actually situated in K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a consciousness, he is cleared of all dirty things, and he becomes as beautiful as the stars in the autumn sky.
Yesterday, the Indianapolis Colts announced that they planned to release their QB of 14 years on this day. In his 14 year career with the Colts, he has brought home one Super Bowl trophy and multiple MVP’s. The Colts seem to have the game plan many predicted going into the off season: trade Manning, draft Luck. With this strategy, you save yourself $28 M you were about to use on a player who hasn’t seen the field since 2010. In addition, you gain on of the most anticipated players of this generation in Andrew Luck.
I remembered an old proverb that goes something like this .. taste and talent can never be hidden.
I know that I am allowed no contact with a woman while she is in her period of menstrual uncleanliness – Lev.15:19- 24. The problem is, how do I tell? I have tried asking, but most women take offense.
The awesome video below could be a knock on everyone’s door to think openly, or it could be a smear campaign or propaganda to taint the current administration.
For less than $100 I was able to pick up this nice stash of Christmas goodies, including table runners and placemats that were ridiculously reduced at Spotlight AND meters of fabric for Christmas activities I never got to do in 2011, including the Christmas canvas art.
The book starts with Doreen visiting Santorini Island in Greece, where she was contacted by powerful group of angels, calling themselves ‘Angels of Atlantis’. In meditation, throughout her time away from her home, she was taken on a deep spiritual journey into the healing temples of Atlantis. Following her intuition she visited various sites in England, Scotland and Ireland and received profound insights about healing ourselves, the planet and our role within the universe.
They are also both running with the cross country team, and doing unbelievably well. I've always known that junior high boys are ridiculously fast--like fleas, really. But I had no idea how, with some intense coaching and conditioning, that my Pickle boy could be hearing things like, "You have the ability to become a truly great cross country runner." I had no idea that by watching my boy run, I would be so inspired that my entire understanding of who he is and what makes him tick has changed dramatically. And watching the Frog improve her time, meet after meet, mile after mile, has been inspiring, too. She has been able to change her attitude from, "I'm running well and that makes me happy," to, "I'm running well, but I know I can run faster, so I'm going to work really hard toward that." That inspires me, too.
completion or until such time as the building is sold. The applicant further agrees to submit a picture
That's it, Easy Peasy Lemon Squeezy!
Be you for you.
Special Effects: (5/10) – This is another issue with Lockout. The low budget makes all of the more ambitious effects-driven scenes, including a motorcycle chase that kicks off the movie and an element of the climax involving dropping through outer space, feel cheap and all TOO cheesy. Much of these effects are so blatantly green-screened in that they just look really fake and unimmersive for the audience. Lockout thankfully shirks special effects most of the time, focusing on practical set work and action, which is really for the best considering its paltry budget, but when it DOES have to involve effects, it really creates a disconnect between the green screening and the rest of the movie, and it takes you out of the film.
Today, I decided to go and get my hair done today. Just got it washed and pressed. And I swear this is the second time that I went to the local beauty college in my area, and they got my hair just the way I wanted it. And they did it without me getting a permed. I will be back every Tuesday and may some Friday’s. I’ve been getting a lot of compliments on my hair…so the public loves it…lol
So yesterday, I walked circles around the island in my kitchen for an hour testing out my new skill of walking. I relish it. Me. Walking. On. My. Own.
...Say a thanks.
Wait a minute....Atlanta? That's in....Oh, for fuck's sake America! See? This is the problem when you're the most powerful country in the world: all eyes are on you and the only ones who really get mentioned in the international news are the rednecks...the word "justice" cannot be found anywhere in Life's dictionary.
*White vinegar is ideal, but you can definitively use cider vinegar if you wish (just keep in mind that it is a bit more expensive). Cider Vinegar is more likely to be organically produced, which is better for the environment.
I loved reading; I read any book I could get my hands on. My third grade teacher made my whole class learn how to read in the cafeteria when everyone was being loud, so we could learn to focus. I probably didn't need a lot of help in blocking things out when getting sucked into another world, and it sure didn't serve me well in fourth grade, when my next teacher was constantly trying to get my attention before class started. One time, I was so sucked into a book that it wasn't until my fourth grade teacher was like, "LAURA!" that I looked up and realized everyone was standing up for the pledge of allegiance.
What I am proposing is that the Bilderbergers order the governments they own to use Tesla’s generating technology to replace nuclear power plants first on fault lines and everywhere else later on. The alternative is that America has 15, 17 or even 27 nuclear meltdowns with vast area being designated No Go Zones. Food would be an issue as most rain water would be radioactive. The billionaires would flee the country. The rich would only eat food grown in greenhouses. The poor would riot and demand radiation free food and water. American society would collapse as tens of millions die from cancer, cardiovascular conditions and other radiation induced conditions. Eventually, all nuclear plants would melt down as the number of power plant workers dwindles below the number sufficient to maintain them. This radiation will spread first throughout the northern hemisphere at first but will spread to the southern hemisphere.
Of the pure ways of your mind.
I’ve been underground lately, and for good reasons. More on that in the near future. In the meantime, I have a special weekend planned and want to take you with me.
(be sure to leave your email with the comment)
I did not say, “See?!” as we walked around the building. My silence might have said more…
But even just getting to wear it in its present state, I was so happy!
The Mother's Day sentiment is a digital stamp I forgot I had in my stash, and the swirlyness of it seemed perfect for this card!
Travelling is a very eye-opening experience. It allows you to see the world from different perspectives, and in turn understand and respect it on a grander scale. You see a bigger picture and realize the impact of every choice and decision you make.
Ah yes, 'bathroom portraits' are a part of my life again now that I'm back living in halls. This weekend I made the most of the President's Holiday by spending 3 days in Brooklyn. It was so lovely and as much as I'm enjoying living in Amherst, it made me realise how much I'm missing city life.
Because I don't want Brian to read this and ever think that his sharing caused me pain that I myself cannot endure.
The discount code is valid throughout June for 20% off any purchase of $5 or more, just enter JUNEBUG at checkout.
In India, according to Vedic civilization, a brahma<U+1E47>a who is learned is considered to be the topmost man in human society. The pa<U+1E47><U+1E0D>ita, who is learned and gentle, sees such a brahma<U+1E47>a on the same level with a dog or an outcaste who eats dogs. In other words, he sees no distinctions between the highest and the lowest. Is this to say that being a learned brahma<U+1E47>a is no better than being a dog? No, that is not so. But the pa<U+1E47><U+1E0D>ita sees them as the same because he does not see the skin but the spirit. One who has learned the art of seeing the same spirit soul within every living being is considered to be a pa<U+1E47><U+1E0D>ita, for in actuality every living being is a spiritual spark, part and parcel of the complete spirit whole. The spiritual spark is the same in all, but it is covered by different dresses. An honored man may come in a very shabby dress, but this does not mean that he should be dishonored. In Bhagavad-gita these material bodies are likened unto dresses which are worn by the spirit soul.
I also had 2 parcels waiting for me when I got home - both candy gifts from Suzanne and Angela. Another big thank you for papers, stamps, sketchbook and other bits and pieces and a wonderful comment from Suzanne about my work - how lucky am I?
It was fate that brought us together
no storms
#12 1968 Pryor Nunn (sp?) EP Coronado Discus 180'8"
Jump Race Record – Starts: 24; 1st: 4; 2nd: 8; 3rd: 4; Win & Place Prize Money: £110,459
So that’s the books I’m most looking forward to for the rest of the year. Are any of them on your wish list? Which books are you pining for that I’ve forgotten about? I’m always happy to add more to my wish list lol.
And mine were worthily despised;
These ideas are simple to create and absolutely unique and adorable. Get your creativity going, and if you love unique and interesting way of decorating for holiday, these decor ideas are just for you.
I guess that’s why I get emotional about my home waters; they’re so close but still so far away.
MYLUNE: The…cute little animals…burned…?
1/2 tsp Red Pepper Flakes
of morning pollution.
Modern home design elements can raise a home and make it visage much hypnotic and tantalizing. Additions can provide to develop a home and amplify the possibilities of match styles and design. Plane battier changes, specified as updated furnishings, colorize schemes and room design can transport a modern touching to one's living place. After all, a home is not really yours until you add whatever vista of yourself into its design.
This is their life, frequent visits to the hospital, lost hours spent hooked to machines. They are familiar with these halls, with these rooms, with this staff.
So no, it's true, we don't know how many innocent people have been convicted and exonerated, much less how many more are languishing in prison, either for violent crimes or lesser offenses. However, I think it's a positive sign that at least people are beginning to ask the question, and demand more accountable answers.
shone through so clear it damn near killed us,
10. Northern Folk
How to Submit Your Poem
Apologies, by the way, for the blurry food pictures. The restaurant isn’t very well-lit, and despite having asked the host if I could take pictures (an enthusiastic oui!), and our being the only people in the restaurant, I felt uncomfortable using the flash.
I set my battery operated alarm clock for midnight. We figured that would be about the time to gas up the generator for the chicks heat lamp. Then I learned I do not have warm enough blankets for a power outage in the winter/spring. We have a wood burning fireplace insert that heats our house nicely, but it relies on electricity to run the fans. Another Duh moment! In a summertime outage we could go sleep in the 5th wheel, but right now it is winterized and “put to bed” for the season.
Two years will be in less than one month, how can this be? He is supposed to be here. He should be playing with his little brother. He should be running around, playing, and laughing. But he isn't. Instead, life has move on without ever hearing the sound of his voice. He never even took a breath of air. He would have been two this year.
I plan to visit my Doctor at the end of May, have an A1c done and if necessary discuss my current medications with him.
Atlanta, GA, September 10, 2011: HG World (www.goodmorningsurvivors.com), the story of survivors of a global zombie uprising, has won a 2011 Parsec Award (www.parsecawards.com) representing excellence in the medium of audio drama produced for the Internet. The ceremony was held September 3rd at DragonCon (www.dragoncon.org), one of the nation’s largest fan-run popular culture conventions in Atlanta, Georgia. The show, set mainly in northwestern Pennsylvania and across the Commonwealth, is the product of a global cast and production team lead by Harrisburg, PA resident Jay Smith.
Failure to do so might mean airlines will perish or in the case of MAS, be bailed out again.
C) hence the consistent, absent source of power without using ugly, neck-breaking postponement cords
Me: What do we consider self employment?
“Well, it’s time.” Ty said, defiantly and deftly. “There are so many newer books that deserve to be titled as classic, but there is so much over-hyped and shitty shit out there, that no one gets a chance to read it. Everyone fills up on horrible-for-you breadsticks and are too stuffed for the five-star main course. It’s pathetic and sad.”
Macho Mocha...you can't get a much better name for a plant than that. It just rolls off the tongue and makes me feel like I'm listening to the guy in the Old Spice commercials with that deep voice. This 'Macho Mocha' Mangave has been moved around my garden quite a bit- probably four times before it found it's latest home in the full full full sun bed- did I mention it gets lots of sun? Anyway, frost damage from Old Man Winter led to a little leaf trimming from me. It promptly responded by sending up a spike. Here it is just starting out.
So, when you hear ‘mango nectarine’, does your mind go straight to “could they possibly be a hybrid between mangoes and nectarines?” Because that’s my mind went. It was the first question I wanted answered when I started doing a little research. And the answer to that question is… NO.
So this year’s upcoming business meeting has an interesting little By Law change propsed (via the Board) to reduce the ‘excessively costly’ annual meetings. Buried in the motion are provisions that hand effective budget control over to the Board and reduce the power of the Governing Council to almost, a nullity but for elections of officers, which will be done from candidate lists largely controlled by the Board.
How are you saved today? Assuredly not by water but by “grace are ye saved through faith, and that not of your selves; it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.” (Ephesians 2:8-9) Or as the apostle told the Philippian Jailor in Acts 16:31, “Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved.”
1. Sonja
"Never trust an intact male of any species"
Then I sewed the dress together and use velcro on the back. On these kind of costume I don't use zippers.
By Zafar Anjum
8) Wear a genuine smile (A cheerful look brings joy to the heart. Proverbs 15:30)
Expand your poker knowledge with this course about stack sizes, position play, bluffing and even more bankroll management.
I got my haircut after work, and it was still light on the walk home. I adore this house and I'm so glad I got a picture of it in good light.
2-13 Cross Crises In Lust Storm 5:24
I didn't leave the USA this year.
Well, it’s all coming to an end of late as the term winds down and the students disappear quicker than free petrol. I have completed my courses and given back marks and comments and now await the onslaught of the exam period after the break.
But then I began to consider the presence of the medical volunteers. I had already pondered what their coming meant to me in a general sense, but was there any significance to their having visited during Holy Week?
And toucan fly so much better than ewe
will give us clothes.
This morning Jackson was worried that he hadn't told Santa thank you.
O come, let us adore Him,
Greedy for money
i guess i can say adam was the toy stealer, problem causer, or as he was named, "the destroyer" boy this time... i think he's figuring out if he plays with parker and jantsen or the younger kids... it was pretty funny i won't lie. At one time, he put on his cowboy boots and stomped over the big kids' legos. haha parker and jantsen didn't think it was so funny. another thing happened, we would hear abigail let out a scream and then adam would come running up the stairs yelling, sorry sorry!! it was pretty funny. all though he started doing it a little too much, so of course he got in trouble for it too.
Title: The Upside of Down
Sameshima will stop by the demonstration too. He said he is grateful to get a diploma but sad that many of his peers won’t be recognized at all. He also wishes USC had acted earlier, before his wife and daughter died.
Or maybe not…
My new music video ‘Because I’m a Doll’. Budget of this video is only £35.
Mounting orations
First I’d like to say a massive thank you to Amanda for inviting me to visit today, hopefully as you’re reading this she is having a wonderful time in Florida (yes I am just a tiny bit jealous lol). Amanda asked me to write a post about some of the YA books I’m most looking forward to throughout the rest of 2011. Now anyone that reads my blog will probably already know that I love a good paranormal story so I’m afraid you won’t find any contemporary YA on my list. I’m sure there are a lot of good contemps coming out but they aren’t the kind of thing that usually catch my attention.
All in all, not a bad place for cheese and beer. And for me, that's often all I need.
As a result of the cuts and the government’s failure to communicate or deliver its big society aspirations, much of the goodwill civil society groups initially felt towards the project has now evaporated, says the report, published by the thinktank Civil Exchange.
“Haha, no we just try our best to make fat people healthier!”
“This is both racist and a load of crap…” it opened. After the initial shock at the critique we sparked, it was a quick decision for us to approve the comment for publication completely unfiltered and just as it had been submitted. The comment’s tone was actually hard to read. It seemed to be animated, offended, joking and chiding all at the same time, and ultimately closed with a rhetorical question and a smiley-face. Maybe it was a good-natured challenge. Anyways, we don’t take it personally. We can take the critique.
Welcome to the the blog of Dr D Booth. Associate of the amateur detective Mr Keith Malda.
When indices divergence like this it is generally a sign of current weakness specific to that particular index. Since the DOW is the international index of the four majors, it is reflecting the general weakness in the international markets. Over 80% are in confirmed downtrends. The SPX/NDX are more US specific, and have not confirmed that weakness yet. There is also the factor of futures related volatility. The DOW and NAZ are less sensitive to futures activity than the heavily traded SPX and NDX.
Anyway here is my comment on their website and please take time to take a look at what Transition Networks is already achieving:
larger in a slide show type format, which is nice.
People are brought into my life for a reason.
i was actually ok this morning. quite calm.
"Oh good Lord! That's just great!"
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
He gave us all the benefit of his opinions in a little speech, with the cute-but-catchy soundbite "the Jilted Generation". Oh dear God. Spare us the spin..
By this time Vontarin was reduced to minion status. He had one HP left and had retreated to the far end of the chamber. Miss after miss extended his life by a few seconds until it was the paladins turn to go. With great dismay he looked down at the map to realize there was no way he could make it to the wizard, even with a running charge, and he had no ranged attacks or weapons.
We talked about heads: heads shaved, heads with odd tufted hair, heads in prim crocheted caps and heads wigged in pink spikes. She's going to opt for the odd and funky: Yay sister! I'm taking on the task of searching out compelling head "treatments". Nothing conservative or reserved for this one!
¨ Abigail Reynolds
Scraped like sandpaper
Smutty Nose Summer Weizen Ale
A while later I walked down through the inky dark wood, across their paddock shrouded in grey dusk, and came upon a beautiful tableau. The night was closing in, and everything was dark, but in front of their house was a small golden pool of lamplight. In the pool of light, on a bed of hay lay Michelle, huge, serene and woolly. Ruth, our neighbour sat next to her, calmly holding her head. It was a scene of such timelessness, such serenity, there was an ancient energy of motherhood and love that struck me very deeply.
Hello all! My name is Amanda Haugen and I am currently the Floor & Crowd Entertainment Captain for FTK. This past year in FTK has been a whirlwind of meeting amazing new people, learning the ins and outs of how the FTK Dance Marathon is planned, and most importantly, witnessing the dedication and determination that each member of this organization has to the Kids. I was first introduced to FTK when the Communications Committee came to my high school to recruit Dancers for the 2011 FTK Dance Marathon. (Let’s just say I was sold by the words ‘dance marathon’.) Before I knew it, I was signed up and excited to commit myself to 12 hours of dancing, aka one of my favorite past times, and raise awareness for a great cause. However that day, unbeknownst to me at the time, ended up changing my life in the best way possible.
Welcome to day 5 of this new line! I made my sign using the Silhouette and same with my cobweb covered tree, added some little green bats and finished off with my labeler to do the sentiment.
My journey began at Social Media Today, which bills itself as the “web’s best thinkers on social media.” I want to hear from the best thinkers, so I turned to Eric Rice….
The Governor, Mr Rauf Aregbesola while addressing the workers at a rally to commemorate this year’s workers Day celebration in Osogbo, Osun state capital, said his administration has taken the welfare of workers to the next level through the various incentives put in place to ensure maximum performance.
So, if the police now accept that the programme was wholly accurate, what are we to make of the force's earlier claim that the programme makers - Hardcash Productions - were guilty of "completely distorting" what was said? Or, indeed, of their long-running vendetta against Hardcash, which included attempting to have them prosecuted for "inciting racial hatred", and, when this plan was frustrated, making an official complaint about the documentary to the communications regulator?
Combine the wet and dry ingredients and mix until the dry ingredients are moistened. Do not over mix.
We hope that you have been enjoying the Holidays so far. There is nothing better than sharing your time with the friends and family that make life great. Let's not forget all of the delicious food though. It makes for an awesome couple of months.
1.Wicked World
Femivorism is grounded in the very principles of self-sufficiency, autonomy and personal fulfillment that drove women into the work force in the first place.
PSYCHOLOGY: ANOTHER BUNDLE OF LAUGHS
Strawberry cake recipe:
The bullshitters have the charts.
Now the big inquiring is it’s someone to contract an professional part within your unbendable for your improvement services to fruit the websites friendlier on the search engine or you poverty to consume your own firmly for seo. Any SEO services provider house present be hired for any optimization factors equivalent the websites. These firms often attribute the clients predestinate bucks in an effort to portion best privileged the perspective business. A meet or flocks of folks, who with apiece otherwise and apportion their noesis to someone, hone services.
Cipollini Onions
This was what I wore the day after we went to WWRY. See my hacked up Queen shirt? :-D My hair was still pincurly (I'm curly right now actually!) so I wanted to take full advantage of it and take some pictures. They're more flat and messy than the day before but I still loved it. I also love the way the curls bring out my haircolors. The day before I took these pictures (the day we went to WWRY) the weather was absolutely lovely and almost warm. The day I took these pictures it was pretty cold. Also, the bottomlid of my left eye was a little swollen and red because I accidentally scratched myself in the eye :-(. Seriously, I'm the clumsiest person I know. Who the hell scratches themselves in the eye?! I AM ASHAMED. No not really, I laughed about it with my boyfriend afterwards but still, it hurt! I do stuff like this quite often. I once or even twice woke up with my nosepiercing missing because I accidentally pulled it out of my nose in my sleep. After it happened two times, I bought the piercings with the twisty end so I can't just pull it out. I used to bite my tongue and my lower lip a lot too but once I started eating more slowly I rarely do that anymore. I don't think I will ever wear stiletto's out of fear of breaking my foot or something because really, if anyone can, it's me.
Summers were special in West Texas. School was out, and you felt as if you would never have to go back, and things would never change. It felt like your entire life could be spent in that summer, full of exploration and freedom.
and the big one..
See the opportunity? Are you insane? I don’t think there is any price on this Earth that could pull such a privilege from me! But yes, my soul would wind up eternally damned due to the crazy-ass name I would make that fellow answer to until he dies. The rest of us would think it was funny, though.
What can you say really, its usually Bud Light or Miller Light with green food coloring. Most of the time you end up with rings of green around your face from all of the drinking. But good times are always had by all. So its really a perfect beer....sort of.
When the heart of a friend aches. When a friend’s soul cries tears. I have learned to not be afraid. I’ve learned that I can help. That I can find a way to share a smile with them. That I can find a way to let them know they are not alone. That they are never alone.
1 cup brown jasmine rice, prepared according to package directions.
3/16
Claire wins a $10 gift certificate from Guylou's Inimitability Store and will also be invited to be a Guest Designer on an upcoming challenge in 2012. Congratulations Claire!!
“Brother Saul, the Lord, even Jesus, that appeared unto thee in the way as thou camest, hast sent me.” What do we conclude? The God of our fathers is the Lord Jesus. He chose Saul of Tarsus to be the apostle of the Gentiles.
Now, of course, I’m really glad that book was never published. I’d have been embarrassed by it. It was the original Bloodstone, in fact, and it wouldn’t have been right. In fact it would have been disastrous. There’s usually a good reason for rejection, even if you can’t see it at the time and you’re biting the carpet in frustration.
-reduction of 10 days of annual leave
Yet you are
Paragraph 5 “The Tenant shall be jointly and severally liable for payments of Base Rent, any Additional Rent (which may include water usage surcharges for additional guests or tenants not listed in this Lease), and any other fees arising under this agreement.”
The Bible firstly talks about the body and how we have a role to play that is different from everyone else’s. If my role is different, how can I possibly know what someone else *should* be doing?
When I let my heart speak
Frazier LM, Ho HL, Molgard CA. Variability in Physician Management of Employment during Pregnancy. Women and Health 2001; 34: 56-68.
This is pretty much it for me. I'm trying to keep up with everyone else - if I don't comment, please know I am probably still reading just reading on my phone and commenting is super annoying!
Then, campaigns. During the 2004 presidential election, I worked for John Kerry. At every rally, and I mean EVERY rally, the song “No Surrender” played as soon as the candidate finished speaking. My dear friend Crystal will attest to this day it is impossible to hear the drum riff at the beginning of the song without thinking that it is time to move the press to the bus. Pavlov aside, that song was our anthem. At the end of the campaign, it had become a war cry.
Out of the cold came a stooped and bent old woman--Loki in disguise--who also enjoyed the fun. As the festivities continued on, however, poor Hodr, Baldr's blind twin brother, kept trying to shoot arrows at Baldr but missed. Because he was blind, and couldn't see to shoot straight. Kind of like a Storm Trooper.
Under ORS 471.565, you can sue the establishment that served the drunk driver alcohol (assuming there was one) by filing a Dram Shop Notice within 180 days.
and i'd had my eye on tolix chairs for months.
Royce defined right and wrong by the moment. Right was what was best for him--wrong was everything else. He stole, lied, and even killed when necessary. This was his craft and he was good at it. Location 351
Comment on your experiences networking.
Main dates to watch for then are May 5/6th and May 20th.
Normally I’m not a big fan of a lot of “bling” and did choose all three garments with that in mind, though knowing they had some decoration. However, I was impressed with the quality of the decoration. The sequins and rhinestones were all individually stitched on, not glued on like most of the ones you see in the US. In fact I don’t think I’ve ever seen rhinestones sewn on before (these ones had small holes in order to sew them). The sequins also were made of thick crimped metal, not the thin plasticy ones. They definitely a lot more substantial and better looking than what I’ve seen elsewhere. I do not mind silver decorations and this is what came to mind. I was surprised at the quality of the decorations, and they were obviously hand-stitched on (the garment edges themselves were machine stitched).
Jericho is a television series more notorious for the fan devotion to keeping it alive than the content itself, which is a serious fucking shame. I’m not done with this one yet, but it’s one of fiance’s favourite shows ever, and it’s a show I wish I’d watched hella sooner.
A good development squad featuring a number of young Irish riders. Keep an eye out for them at the Tour of Ireland and the Tour of Britian (if they get invites)
The parents of children at Miramonte Elementary School in Los Angeles probably believe a charter school would be far better then LAUSD in light of recent events. Since Aspire Public Schools did not make the lawsuit(s) above newsworthy, parents will be fed exactly what they wish to believe.
Here are all the cards together, there are 9 of them.
On the bright side, the coconut oil has just about cleared both of them up completely. What is left of the rashes they had is hardly noticeable at all, which makes me very happy.
Now, if this is true of them, is it true of you? How many of you here at this Mass on the Second Sunday of Easter do not believe that Christ rose from the dead? And how many Easter Season Masses have you attended over the years, never believing that most basic of Christian proclamations?
This evening I got an email from the Boy!! The email said only this:
Back to the tatting. I will try to go oldest to most recent, but the memory's a bit fuzzy.
Nice day for fence repairs on the right. The road needs some repairs too - like many of the roads around here!
ternity care services in the United States, Inspired Birth would be a usefu=
The meat of the sacrifice may be distributed cooked or uncooked,, but it is preferred that it should be cooked as this leads to greater blessing as mentioned by a group of the scholars.
1 1/2 cups white whole wheat flour (recipe called for 3 cups all-purpose)
"Good Morning Cleveland" - with anchors Pete Kenworthy and Kimberly Gill - is unaffected.
The fruit of the righteous is a tree of life; and he that winneth souls is wise.
I now realize that this is what social media is all about. It is certainly what the 25-year-old Twitter users with 150,000 followers have understood from the start. Social media is about more than connection, it is about connecting on common ground. It is about having a conversation with like-minded souls on a specific topic. Did my 1500 plus Facebook friends who do not live in my town respond to my post? No! Because I wasn’t talking to them and they knew it. Most of us are like the guy on the off ramp with the sign that says “Will work for food… God bless.” His message is generic and displayed without purpose. Thousands pass him daily with little interest in his message. When we start joining conversations based on topic, geography, ideology, brand loyalty, etc., we can then make connections with individuals on a personal level. They will buy our products, align with our beliefs, and drink our Kool-Aid. And by the way, if you happen to pay someone to tweet, post, or manage your social media, you have missed the point. In order to effectively use social media, you must be authentic and be willing to participate in a conversation. If you are the only one who is doing the talking, you are talking to yourself.
Ha. Calling the government. That's funny!
p32 “Most people place a high value on abstract thought, but Buddhism has clearly demonstrated that discriminative thinking lies at the root of delusion.”
“The ‘best’ man I met in my final year of being single in Manchester, a doctor, ‘forgot’ to tell me he was married until a few weeks after we met in a nightclub.”
I am still amazed that one person can arrive and with him bring such an overwhelming sense of love and such a strong bond that would grow deeper throughout the years. This little man successfully destroyed all preconceived ideas and logic, that special bond that is there at the arrival of your child just blows logic and reasoning out of the window - never to be seen again!
The Republican-controlled House late last Thursday passed a controversial bill, the Cyber Information Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA) (HR 3523), in a 248-168 vote. The bill would provide information-sharing liability protections for private companies that voluntarily provide information on cyberattacks to federal agencies. They could receive classified threat information in return, setting up a two-way exchange intended to bolster national cybersecurity.
I will try to post an update on my blanket tomorrow. We will have to see.
Although the day was geared towards researchers and more theoretical than I am used to there were some really interesting themes from the day that align nicely with the whole remote working/event amplification area. Here are my notes…
We have also filmed interviews with a family in another Northern town who have suffered the same thing involving over twenty young white girls. This paedophile ring is under police investigation at the moment and we cannot announce the location of the town where the sexual terrorists are operating until the police arrest them.
*4 eggs ( I only used 2 eggs)
Perabo is a tenured creative writing professor, and very much so in her faithfulness to the whole concept of narrative structure and technique. I would still prefer someone who’s a little sick in the head, a little less sober (here’s your cue, Miranda July), but Who I Am Supposed To Be transports me back to my university workshop days, and I’ll probably say it’s a good thing if one is to recall all the raw discussions on imagination and the creative process and the byproduct such as these short stories. The deftness is a major factor in Perabo’s work, but it is the wide range of narrative voices that is most attractive in this collection: the believable male voice, the rich amalgam of perspectives from the young and old.
Finished it off with another crimp bead with a loop on the end of it.
People become journalists because they love to write. If your press release is already well-written, it’s pretty much a personal insult.
If you're a regular of this blog, then you know how important music is to me. The essay below, first published in The New Statesman, throws new light into the relationship between music and science. Great, entertaining and though-provoking holiday read. I hope you enjoy it. I'm back from my cy-bernation and will resume blogging duties next week. I hope you all had a nice, restful time off.
your speech only reaches as far as the tombstone with the epitaph of evil you
What is very difficult to deal with are the weeds. You see, we had the regular ground-cover type weeds, you pull them out and they keep coming back, but they were not the problem. A pair of gloves and a few minutes each morning, and those types of weeds were manageable. Witch’s thistle was the problem. Witch’s thistle is a stalk-like plant that grows taller than the vegetable plants, saps much-needed nutrition from the ground, and grows nothing but thorns. Large, pointed, nasty thorns—up and down the entire stalk of the plant. No gloves were thick enough to protect my fingers from those thorns. I tried using a hoe so I would not have to touch them—the stalks slipped through the rungs of the hoe and those weeds stood in defiance of all I tried to rid them from my garden.
Readers who wish to give Catherine the benefit of their opinion are invited to do so.
The President of the Republic appoints civilian and military employees and ends their services in accordance with the law.
Fits On 1 CD
Zebra stars shine on thee
An exhibit in New York. I thought I knew who I was. A desert
Slowly little Gursel pulled away from death’s door but something was still wrong with him. He was still so uncomfortable after feedings. One day Ayshe looked at the formula in the bottle she was giving him. “I wonder if he has an allergy to this.” She brought that up with Dr. Sinan who agreed that this could, in fact, be part of the boy’s problem. When the formula was changed to reflect this theory, Gursel’s response was so obviously different that one could only wonder about the years he’d suffered from gas and nausea but hadn’t been able to tell anyone.
It…
who have the morals of alley cats and the femininity of a tin of beans. There’s one thing all these people on these shows have in common and that is: they are all young and have not had a lot of life experience.
Bit by Bit is a blog created and maintained by Elementary School Technology Integrator, Bob Sprankle. Sprankle discusses the use of LiveScribe and other new technology recording devices in the classroom, as well as posts about the iPhone’s usefulness with regards to parent-teacher communication. Sprankle also discusses how to use Google to teach critical thinking and perform accurate and compelling research.
Then Awaken all of yourself.
Thus, my social life reached a sudden impasse. Excuses to avoid social outings ensued, and I found myself counted amongst the ‘off booze for January’ brigade much to my own chagrin. I felt like Neo in the Matrix when Agent Smith makes his lips disappear – only without a bug embedding itself into my residual self-image.
Prom stuff is heating up this week with events to do almost every night this week for the Junior parents to get ready. I'm not sure which I'm going to be doing... but we'll see what I can fit in. Saturday night I'll be up all night helping out with the after prom party. Teaching Sunday school the next day should be a hoot!
...but I'm not sure I'm happy with the poses I picked :/ Her face is a lot darker in this one than I remember it being when I picked it out!
11 AM to 12 –(InterM) INTRO TO FLATPICKING—While strumming involves hitting two or more strings at the same time, flatpicking is all about strumming one string at a time. He will start with common jam tunes that fall entirely on the melody string. He will show us how to play the three strings and no frets higher than the 3rd.
2) The drug will also suppress my motivation to drink alcohol in social situations with new colleagues.
“There are times when I look over the various parts of my character with perplexity. I recognize that I am made up of several persons and that the person that at the moment has the upper hand will inevitably give place to another. But which is the real one? All of them or none?”
Second, everyone else accepts this article on faith, save for quite a few savvy commenters way down the list of 150+ comments on the original piece.
1. Mark Green from Choc Fever
I want a career where I can make a difference and where I have the feeling of making a difference. Living a green eco-friendly life has always appealed to me. I want to turn this interest into a career. I want to make a difference in our world, in our environment.
Good morning! How are you? I hope all is well! If you are curious to know, I did get outside to enjoy working in my garden this week. Although the snow hasn't shown up again, it has been quite a cool week with hard frosts most nights. Hopefully, my flowers took it in stride and I didn't lose any of them. The sun peeked out during the day and it sure felt wonderful! There is nothing better than the sun on your face!
Resections are more painful. You have the external cut and the internal one vying for attention.
However, don’t trade anyone okay?
Another list approaches; My 30 Favorite Punk-ish Movies (at the moment).
I really love my family and friends...I'm such a lucky lady to enjoy more than just one day of celebration for my birthday. Two weeks ago a good friend emailed me and said it was my turn to be treated to lunch this time especially since my birthday was coming up so I should pick a day, time, and place! We went to my new favorite cafe and had a great time chatting and eating; we were there for two hours and it probably only took 30 minutes to eat! After my friend told the waitress it was my birthday they told us we could stay as long as we wanted!
Another free way to get a U.S. IP address is by using free Tor. Tor is a system intended to enable online anonymity, composed of client software and a network of servers which can hide information about users’ locations and other factors which might identify them. This method is more difficult to set up, because you need to set it up with US “exit nodes” only. Besides someone else from the Tor network can potentially do something unlawful using you as an exit node, so Tor is pretty risky.
Every moment is an individual reality created. As we spur through existence, there is one fact that we know for sure, there are far more question out there than answers, and we will never reach a point of knowing all.
Though the brewkit was puffing away merrily, only one house beer was available: John Edwin Bitter. It's a clear orange-amber colour with a sharp and waxy bitterness at the front plus some of the grainy flavour I've come to associate with brewpub lager on the tail. It's decent as it goes, but not a great example of small-scale brewing. Not to someone who's just come from The Kernel, anyway.
The charmed population of Aberdeenshire has historically experienced early springs, punctual return of swallows, balmy if slightly dry summers and mild falls. Winter, since the storms of 1981-2, was a gleam in the weatherman’s eye.
I am not deluded enough to think that such a sign will be taken notice of, but a least it takes away the excuse that they did not know that what they were doing was in appropriate.
Let me give you a scenario that sounds simple to answer…..yet…..maybe not!
There is a good look that I wear
Therapist: Shit
Has is really already been 20 weeks?! It seems likes yesterday that I was taking an at-home pregnancy test, reading the positive result, and telling my husband to go buy more tests because the one I had was obviously faulty. Thankfully it wasn’t, but still… 20 weeks. The first half of the pregnancy just flew right by. I didn’t even get to enjoy most of it because I was so sick, but now that that’s all over with I hope that the second half of my pregnancy will be more memorable.
For this task’s post, just copy and paste the following:
I thought I'd take this opportunity to shove some pics of him online, so the rest of you don't have to miss his ugly mug.
Schramm WF, Stockbauer JW, Hoffman HJ. Exercise, employment, other daily activities, and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Am J Epidemiol 1996;143:211-218.
She is donating a $150 Sears gift card!! Thank you Kelly, and here's to getting the men on board!
That’s the place where they all got sick and the doctor had to come and give everyone but her father a shot of penicillin every day for a week. Cassie, who was four at the time, and her big sister, Sue, six-years old,were with Mom in the big bed. Their little brother, Billy, was in his crib pushed up against the wall. All of them were sweaty and coughing. No one was getting any sleep and Daddy had to bring them soup and pass out pills and change Billy’s diapers. Every day the doctor would ask Cassie and Sue who they wanted to get a shot first. Neither little girl would answer. Cassie always wanted to tell him to give the shot to their mother first. She was the only one who didn’t cry and maybe, just once, he’d get confused and forget about her. But she never got up the nerve to say anything. Some days she was first, some days Sue or Mom. Billy was always last everyone always got the shot
Activities for kids at the Farmer’s Market
We honor the old,
As far as promoting the small-government/no government interference aspects of Republicanism, the executive director of the Log Cabin Republicans, Patrick Guerriero does it best when it comes to commentating on Santorum: “There is nothing conservative about allowing law enforcement officials to enter the home of any American and arrest them for simply being gay… Mainstream America is embracing tolerance and inclusion. I am appalled that a member of the United States Senate leadership would advocate dividing Americans with ugly hate filled rhetoric.” These comments were released after Santorum told AP reporters in 2005 that he supported Texas anti-sodomy laws, and their enforcement.
In the end, this is going to become another "See? Publishers can't tell what is good, so you might as well jump right to self-publication for your novel. And I can help you do so (and make a profit myself) by…" from various of the self-publishing gurus<U+0097>and from vanity presses masquerading as self-publishing gurus. I will put a fiver on each of the following propositions:
After posting today’s Money Matters on Identity Theft and discussing social security numbers, WordPress immediately deactivated our blog! Their automatic anti-spam controls believed the blog was trying to not only spam the blogosphere but also phish for people’s information. I say, great job!
Jacksonville, I believe — I spent a night in my old
Last week’s Singapore Open mixed doubles champions, Tantowi Ahmad / Liliyana Natsir (pictured), will be looking to grab their fourth title in a row, an impressive string that has seen then move into the number two spot in the world rankings as of this week. The Indonesians advanced to the final after winning a tough match against Thomas Laybourn / Kamilla Rytter Juhl, 21-15, 12-14. To win the fourth one, though, they will again need to prove themselves against the current world number ones, Zhang Nan and Zhao Yunlei. The latter defeated Chen Hung Ling / Cheng Wen Hsing of Chinese Taipei 21-17, 21-17.
My score:
Border Radio
-getting sunburnt
So, as I head into 30, I decided there’s some ish I need to leave behind.
We were having a blast and made a great team. Nothing could stop us. After a while of cruising around and making some wicked sweet turns, we decided to try and tip the boat, just for fun. Amy had sailed before, but I never had. I am always down for trying new things, so I agreed that we should try to tip. We turned hard and it seemed like we were going to tip, but we didn’t. Second time, we were basically standing upright, but we still didn’t tip. Finally, on the third time, we gave it all we had and jumped out of the boat as it went down.
Back to that theme I spoke about early in the review. There are far too many holes in the Direct POD services. I actually think they inadvertently constrained themselves by getting into the whole publishing package avenue, and would do far better to offer a full bespoke list of services. What bugged me was that a printer would offer their own registered ISBN’s, when they are only a printer. That seems a fixed reality if authors do plum for a publishing package. Likewise, as much as Direct POD does promote the few books they have printed for self-published authors and small presses on their printer site, they seem caught between two stools as a company.
Resting the voice is important, particularly for people like teachers, politicians, or actors who talk for long periods. Not speaking for a time is one way to rest the voice.
This class was "Winter Fairies" back in December. All images are from Sweet Pea Stamps.
So far, we have not had one looker in 2 weeks. Depressing.
“Either the entire Department of Conservation and Environment has gone on strike or Ezemvelo has got rid of all their game wardens,” DA KZN spokesman Radley Keys said.
My wife is the most awesome woman in the world!!! She is becoming an awesome spanker!!!
Ragen Chastain’s blog today addresses an issue I already talked about, but she went much further with the subject than I did, though I did, indeed, write the White House. Maybe you can, too. Maybe we can bust through the barrier here if we all write? I think this is probably pretty important.
So this isn’t exactly a super duper exciting post or anything, but I think it will still be helpful to you guys. Besides the obvious and always used basics flour, sugar, butter, eggs, etc, etc, I have a couple other things around that I tend to use a lot and have around for cooking purposes. Here are a few of my favorite items that I use quite frequently…..
The Stockbridge Market has been running since September last year and you can find it on Sundays between 10am to 5pm, close to the Water of Leith.
This last Saturday Paraguay celebrated its 200 birthday. They had a big (this term is being used loosely) parade downtown where many countries came to celebrate the day with Paraguay. After seeing all of these groups we wished we had just gone and watched because it looked so amazing (and I would really have rathered my kids not see some of the costumes so up close and personl.)
Felicity wanted to believe him, so she did. But the comment had awoken her to at least some of her senses. ‘OK, if you’re being serious- which I’m not sure you are- then tell me what it is you’re talking about. Facts, none of this playful stuff.’
I messed up and now I am going to pay for it.
This particular day started out like any other and I had no inkling what was to come. As was our habit, we arrived a bit early so that we could meet up with the other kids in our gang and hang out for a few minutes and catch up on the gossip before school. We had gotten out of the car and started walking toward the entrance of the wing our lockers were in when I realized I'd left some homework in the car and had to go back after it. My friend went ahead on in to meet the rest of our group.
What about cohabitation? “More than 40 percent of U.S. children now spend time in a cohabiting household. They are much more likely to experience a parental breakup than children of married couples.” Cohabitation has been widely criticized for its negative effects on children, but are these effects based in a lack of commitment, and is that discrepancy reflected in the drawn-out duration of contemporary relationships?
Double Ribbon Punch
The funny thing is, Sprout's just fine if I go completely away - get in the van and drive off. It's only when she knows I'm home but not in the room with her that she takes exception. Funny little monkey.
Silverbulletday produce record:
The paramedic slams the ambulance door and was conferring with one of the cops when I made up my mind that I needed to be with my body, so I jumped into the ambulance and sat beside my body, Kate followed suit and as the ambulance began moving, she starts to explain why she was driving recklessly that night…she was saying something about catching her best friend sleeping with her boyfriend, but I clearly wasn’t interested. How can I die? Life just started for me, how would my parents cope with me being the only child.
When I remember this, it helps me very much and then I begin to move my attitude toward compassion for the other, the one I name muggle and also for myself I feel compassion and this helps to transcend the experience, bringing me back to who I truly am.
Now, hubs eats a lot of pizza at work,
Instead, it’s a terrible control scheme that brings Dead Souls to a screeching halt. The franchise has long focused on blissfully destructive close-quarters fighting, allowing players to bash foes with bicycles, traffic cones and anything else within arm’s reach. That element is still present, but swarms of rampaging ghouls require added emphasis on gunplay.
“You see, my Commissioner of Police was not the target and it (bomb) was placed on the road and it exploded; nothing has happened to the Commissioner and we have made arrests.”
Absolutely glorious colors of wool felt...a rainbow! All 100% wool felt! Wasn't this a great present? Diane told me she has had it around for a while and wanted to give it to someone who would use it to make something beautiful! I was so surprised, and so thankful for such a nice gift. :)
Then came sixth grade and in social studies we learned of cultures that were more ancient than I had yet come across. Mesopotamia, Sumer, Ur, Arabia. Soon, reading of these places just wasn’t enough. I wanted to go there, walk in the paths of the archaeologists that were unearthing all these artifacts that were being proven to record history thousands of years back. A new enthusiasm took hold and I actually started consider the possibility of a career in antiquity.
Good posture while sitting, standing and lifting can help you avoid pain, make your life more comfortable and avoid injury.
you moved house, made wed
I entered the private room with all this paperwork and the envelop,of the sacred kind,not the normal one.
I leave my room after reading the first chapter of my book (Harry Potter & The Order of The Phoenix), to get a glass of juice. My Mom’s boyfriend Rooney came over tonight to visit for a bit. Mind you, we live in a two bedroom apartment, so my Mom sleeps on a pull-out couch in the living room. So while they were supposed to be watching a movie, I see through the hallway mirror those two getting at it like rabbits! I was utterly repulsed. I quickly got my juice and ran for my room. I was afraid to tell them I was there. I didn’t want to hear or see them at all.
Each promise has a short “note” from Dr. Chapman on topic, along with three Scripture verses on the topic. It is not necessary to begin at the first page and read straight through. I enjoyed using the Scripture index in the back and searching that way for topics/life promises to read.
Only one presentation in the Communist history stream, that by Kunal Chattopadhyay (Jadavpur University, Calcutta), had a cultural focus: how Bengali Communists utilised traditional forms of peasant cultural expression to win a mass following during the famine years of the early 1940s. The importance of cultural studies, however, figured in several other presentations.
They reexamined their spending and their priorities.
14. Ain't No Use Crying (Oberg, Christiansen, La Grand, v. Buuren) 4:05
There is a huge shopping centre next to immigration (random I know but that’s how they roll in China) filled with small shops with shoes and bags and everything you could imagine. Some of it is junk but if you look in the right places you can definitely score some ok finds.
Yeah, vomiting on myself in the 3rd grade waiting for the school bus was bad timing too. The time I freaked out and ran off the stage in the 7th grade while giving a “VOTE FOR ME” campaign speech to the entire middle school was bad timing too.
Is Everyone Ready for Fun? encourages little ones to move and shake along as the cows dance, wiggle, and jump up and down on chicken’s sofa. This book is an excellent read along and the narrative is great for funny voices. The illustrations are very bright and bold and the text is done in bold speech bubbles.
However, at first, I had no idea what to lay down on paper. I had years of art supplies stored in boxes ready to go and a steady flow of energy, but I had no point of view, no reference, no focus. Searching for personal resources that would give me a direction to go in, I stumbled on the idea of simply, and diligently, illustrating my dreams. I recognized that, compared to my waking life, my dream life was completely unscathed by the passage of time or stress; it was rich, deep, and fresh - an inexhaustible revelation. So, illustrating my dreams seemed to be a perfect starting point.
How about bunting, candles, door hangers,
Most nights, we race to bed to see who can get there first mainly because, if I get there first, I can fall asleep with out listening to the snoring. If he gets there first, the bed isn't hot.
So, I think I just have to accept the fact that I'm just a girl with a camera.....
I built up layers of color. Using a very light stroke and starting at the outside edge, I pulled color in, leaving some light around the words and clock. The distress inks stay wet a little longer than dye inks which allows for blending on the semi-glossy card stock. NOTE: As you can see from the photos, the image was stamped sharp. I think as I added color and left light in the center, it makes the image almost look 3-D.
Today was one of those days.
Rating: 6/10 Atkins
Wed
That is the sort of legacy we need to leave for this earth.
Organic Bamboo Pod: $9.25
At the beginning of our relationship, I didn’t believe in forever. Mr B-in-B would whisper things about growing old together or where we’d be in ten year’s time and I’d nod along, never quite managing to see what he saw. But, slowly, over years of living together and apart, over hundreds of mornings waking up next to a boy who made me feel safe, who brought me coffee in bed and who filled my days with smiles, I began to believe. And in February 2011, on a plane flying home to Mr B-in-B after three snowy weeks of holiday in Chicago, I realised, no matter what happens in the future, no matter where I end up or what I do, I want it to be with him. I want to grow old with him.
Weeding means you have to pay attention to detail and not pull up the good stuff or kill your roses – I do have roses around here somewhere. I’ve been yearning to sit at the desk all week; there will be lots to do at the scanner so I should be over there in my wheelie chair…and when I’m in poetry mode I want to sit at a desk and scribble in a pad. So, I will switch on my head to sort out this mess, flick on that little light and focus on clearing that space for me – the orchid, and then I can bloom.
The causes for the uprising against the whites are too many to even mention in this article. The statement in the article above "atrocities that are not genocidal in their goals are often claimed to be carried out for rational reasons, e.g., promote ethnic cohesion, secure access to resources" applies to actual civil war situations and does not apply to the New SA at this point in time. We are currently experiencing actual genocide for the very purpose of promoting ethnic cohesion among blacks and for securing access to resources, which means taking everything the whites currently own. The Africans are on a destructive path and their motto is simply "I'd rather rule in hell than serve in heaven." They do not care for progress and stability, they just want what they think the whites have and they supposedly deserve.
My current obsession has been the wall shelves for books that are all over blog-land.
Saturday I lost my wallet with all the cash I had in the world at the time. It actually happened Friday night but I didn't realize it until Saturday morning when I needed to be some where to help a friend. I searched high and low and never found it. That was bad news until the phone call came in late Saturday it was at the post office. I got there, as soon as I could but no one would come to the window to help me out. I had to borrow money to get to San Jose that night, but it all worked out. Picked up my wallet today from the post office and all the money was gone. That is going to put a serious cramp on Christmas and paying the bill, but I will figure something out.
Of course, I also had to have the yellow notebook with the vintage-looking roller-skates on the front, accompanied by the words "Go. See. Do." And just like that, my simple $4 purchase had somehow become $20.
This week, we are sponsored by Prairie Fairy. They gave the DT some of their wonderful images to use on our projects this week. We want to see RECYCLING on your projects this week. So, you can alter an item, or use something recycled on your project. Please say what has been recycled, so we can easily see it. Here is the inspiration from the fabulous DT:
My story: Judith Campbell Exner and Ovid Demetrias
I get home and there is a kid riding a bike in the cul-de -sac. I take Java out and she had no problems with the kid on the bike. I click and treat as she looks at the bike. I have the kid ride circles around us. Still she is calm. So she must be reacting to Guiness.
If anyone asks, “I’ve had it for years!“
Detailing joints are designed as a part of waterproofing system. They are vital to impart water tightness at structure details such as pipe penetrations and changes in planes prior to application of primary waterproofing compounds.
Unfortunately, screenwriters Tony and Joe Gayton have chosen to add a fair bit of story surrounding one of the cops on Johnson’s trail (an anemic-looking Billy Bob Thorton) as well as a playboy hitman (Oliver Jackson-Cohen) whose only motivation seems to be his next thrill. This stacks the deck against not only Johnson, but a surprisingly strong cast of B-listers, including Carla Gugino, Tom Berenger, Xander Berkeley, Jennifer Carpenter, and – wait for it – Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje. (There are at least three men in this film as big, if not bigger, than Johnson. How the casting agents managed this is anyone’s guess.)
In the worlds view I am sure it didn’t make sense for a family with four biological children and not a lot of money to be adopting a child. "Why did we need another they asked? You can’t save the world after all. What if this hurt our ‘own’ children? What if this child, you know, causes problems?" It was through these questions and comments we would begin to search and grow and learn the truth about who God is and what He cares about. Adopting had nothing to do with our needs, our abilities or our safety- and everything to do with our God.
Attributes: Agility-d6, Smarts-d6, Spirit-d12, Strength-d12+8, Vigor-d10
Andre G. Fletcher, 37, North Babylon, N.Y.
We were lucky. Some people are not so fortunate. I’m glad we were. We even had a rainbow after the storm with clear blue skies….
“Babasi iyi bir adamdi. Eski toprakti bizim Ahmet.”
this reminds me of my saudi friend who quite some years ago went to a performance of a visiting circus here in jeddah with her friend.. it was a mixed gathering, i have to mention.. and how weird did they feel when during the whole performance they were like the only ones clapping and cheering for the actors.. the circus stopped coming shortly after...
“Ambition is a dream with a V8 engine.”
Check out 71 Irving, Joe's, Gimme Coffee & 88 Orchard
He is tall, good looking, intelligent and incredibly sexy.
A few months ago, I encouraged whiskey fans to celebrate Clix Vodka because the overpriced vodka from Buffalo Trace will hopefully subsidize the price of our precious bourbons and ryes. But then I began to wonder how a vodka of this sort would taste.
Here’s where it gets tricky. You can improve aerobic fitness through high intensity exercise like sprinting. Sprinting can also increase strength and stimulate the release of growth hormone, two things that aerobic exercise will not do. Since we’re no longer talking about an athletic population, we can use a little more freedom when it comes to managing the total intensity and stress of the training. As a result, I’m still a little bit more in favor of high intensity training vs. aerobic training for this population.
Then, I threaded my yarn needle and wove the yarn
Of course George Lucas totally screwed with history and he is proud of it.
As predicted, Not Back to School Camp has been educational for all of us! Chloe will be old enough to attend next year. MJ is looking forward to sharing it all with her.
Road Trip Wednesday is a "Blog Carnival," where YA Highway's contributors post a weekly writing- or reading-related question and answer it on our own blogs. You can hop from destination to destination and get everybody's unique take on the topic.
Star anise, cardamom, Szechuan peppercorns. As soon as Chef Julie Coppé encouraged the group of ten women enrolled in the Parisian Soiree cooking class to be bold and creative in our use of spices, I knew that we were in for a real treat. With a master's degree in political science and a technical degree in cooking, Julie is a versatile chef who spent three years under the tutelage of Alain Passard at the renowned restaurant L'Arpège (3 Michelin Stars). Well-versed in traditional French cooking, Julie's approach is innovative and fresh, perhaps because she likes to travel and expose her taste buds to new flavors.
Accessories: striped ribbon, twine, pealrs
Hold fast to this and never doubt it: the only-begotten Son, God the Word, becoming man offered himself for us to God as a fragrant offering and sacrifice.
One reason many are not in a position to “hear” what the Spirit is saying to them personally is because they are distracted by the activity and “storms” that are going on in the lives of those around them. Sometime, we can be affected by the storms in other’s lives…especially if we are closely connected to them by family ties, friendship, working relationships, or even neighbors; but God does not release us from our own personal daily responsibility to “come unto Him, look to Him, listen to Him” to receive rest for our souls. Matthew 11: 28-30.
The special prosecutors verified that Mangum arrived at the party around 11:40pm, and that the dance began around 12.00 midnight.
What advice would you give to aspiring writers?
We sat and soak up the sun, as we watch the furry kids run around, play ball, having a great time… just living in the moment.
of people who have never had their head in the clouds in their entire lives. It´s such an exhausting and intoxicating environment.
My baby girl isn't much of a baby anymore. She's starting college in September, accepted into Montclair State University's BFA program. She's quite the artist. This is one of my favorite pieces from her senior art show.
shake
BUT once you get near Salt Lake City it's lush and very pretty. We pulled off the road to poke around a little stream. My brother has this need to splash around in every body of water we pass or something. The water wasn't very inviting so we stayed dry and the kids found old railroad spikes which are displayed with some rocks in my livingroom (I'm all about the high price souvenirs, don't you know).
In the second clip from an edition of the Today Show, aired immediately after the North Carolina Attorney General declared the accused Lacrosse players were innocent of all charges, and in which the usually highly selective Jon Stewart goes some way towards redeeming himself with a brilliant expose of Nancy Grace's behaviour. The clip is highly recommended, not only for Stewart's humour, but because it shows various further examples of Grace's guilt assuming and quite outrageous behaviour.
I do think this presents a most unique perspective of these very common sculptures, to say the least.
Caroline G is powering away on her next book (working title Molly Stone) and feeling a bit better having renegotiated the deadline!
I ended up deciding to go with a cordless Black and Decker model. One of my friends tried to talk me out of, saying he had never had good results from a battery powered model, but I'm smarter than he is, so I took a chance on it anyway.
This after watching my 6th grader play his first football game. Watching him play QB was a good mom moment. He got an interception, several tackles, and a touchdown.
Here is another Project Kit Tutorial to add to your holiday collection- using the Contempo Christmas stamp set and Bright Christmas stamp set in the Holiday Mini. The tutorial will have pictures and step by step instructions for 4 cards and a Box Holder (3-D ) for the cards and envelopes. These cards are demonstrable and so easy to case and tweak.
To me, cheating on Optifast is different than cheating on other diets. It is a medically supervised diet. The doctors expect you to follow the program, and they base their decisions and care on the assumption that they know what exactly you are eating. The program is also expensive, so cheating on it is cheating yourself, big time, in terms of money and successful weight loss.
Still I am mad. I am mad that the people who have stuck out through the bad times in Coney Island and SHOULD BE LANDMARKED are being asked to leave. Authenticity is being sacrificed for most likely a re-creation. Will the new places have old photographs of Coney Island and hand painted signs? I would put money on it that they will. But they won't be THE REAL THING. They will be simulations in corporate chain restaurants. UP SCALE is the word Italian developer and evictor Zamperla,is loving to use, when describing what they "envision for Coney Island".
How unfair it is that small online merchants are being screwed by unfairly high fees by Taobao, the eBay of China.
When the headquarters of secret U.S. spy agency CONTROL is attacked and the identities of its agents compromised, the Chief (Alan Arkin) has no choice but to promote his ever-eager analyst Maxwell Smart, who has always dreamt of working in the field alongside his idol, stalwart superstar Agent 23 (Dwayne Johnson). Smart is partnered instead with the only other agent whose identity has not been compromised: the lovely-but-lethal veteran Agent 99 (Anne Hathaway).
I then submitted it to one of Paper Crafts magazine calls, but it wasn't chosen for that either.
A memo from the Obama administration directs US government agencies to consider gay rights when making aid and asylum decisions.
Here's another card I made using papers and peel off Dazzles by Hot off the Press. I used a bunch of the extra papers and stickers to make this card. I used a Fiskars border punch on the blue paper and added a ribbon accent. My final touch was to outline the edge of the card with coordinating blue chalk ink.
HACHINOKI HONTEN (HACHINOKI ORIGINAL)
i feel weary and old.
There are a lot of costs that you can forgo if you enroll for an online PhD course. These include the overhead related to moving close to the educational institution and the living expenses that you have to burden yourself with.
Each piece has been lovingly crafted by hand and each design is limited to only a few pieces. Made from fabrics and subtle embellishments, it’s jewellery as you have never seen it before. Our collection is available in two color palettes- bright and metallic; each piece paying tribute to the tribe it is named after. These pieces add a touch of royalty and drama wherever they go and beautifully complement our ‘From India with Love’ collection.
WOW!!! At the first sign of 60 degrees outside, we broke out of our indoor activity slumber and burst onto the scenes at Clemyjontri Park in McLean, Virginia. Only 25 minutes from Silver Spring, MD., this park is an amazing way to spend time outside. The park is completely handicap accessible, and the entire park is on rubber mats which makes it safe and fun for kids of all ages. Not only was it safe, but the park was also huge and provided tons of options for our kids to play on.
One of the richest guilds, pulling in close to the Merchant’s, they own training halls dotted around the Countryside and turn up their nose at the lower classes. These are not artists who would be found dead performing at some disreputable slum dive, no, these are the stars of the high society entertainment.
shoes: Old Navy
The wind has subsided, thankfully. Blue skies have returned, and I am ready to go, so I’m going!
In a hard hitting article Robert Fisk has effectively trashed the ‘deranged’ soldier defense of Bales. The word being put out was that he was under stress from four tours—three in Iraq before the one in Afghanistan—and that the strain unhinged him. It is also being said that he was an ‘even tempered soldier’, a family man and not the stereo type of a killer. What about the others who have committed atrocities? Were they all deranged by stress? What about the chain of command—is it so malfunctional that it cannot detect deranged characters and prevent them from leaving fully armed securely guarded facilities without detection? General Karimi the Afghan Army Chief has debunked the lone madman theory and has clearly stated that this was a deliberate planned killing and many soldiers were involved. This was also Pakistan’s conclusion when its border post was attacked and 24 soldiers killed. Is there a ‘rogue’ segment in the US military in Afghanistan or are criminals and killers being recruited to do the killing because it is a volunteer force and serving in it would appeal to those who have nowhere else to go. This could explain the muted response to US deaths in wars that should never have been.
Hi my fabby Squiggle friends here is my Friday post, hope you are all used to the little darlings being back at school. I am just wading through the first lot of school letters for trips, clubs and requests for money lol.
Update 4/24
The day is calm, quiet, productive, nourishing.
Democracy: The first Prime Minister in our history found in contempt of Parliament, Harper limits media questions to five per meeting. Harper also forces his backbenchers to always vote in line. Harper campaigned on transparency and fewer appointments to Senate, yet has made the most appointments in history, killed the Freedom to Information Act swiftly and quietly, prorogued government to avoid democratic processes which include coalitions (yep, they’re very legal; Harper even tried to use one to his advantage against the Liberals)… Oh, and did I mention his wealthy party attempting to castrate smaller parties – thereby hampering democracy – by removing the stipend each party gets from the government per vote received during an election? That’s right; Harper’s Goverment (because it’s not our country’s government, anymore; just check the papers) feels that I do not have the right to dictate that a whopping $2 and change of MY taxes go to the party I have chosen to represent ME. And then, we have those pesky police investigations showing that the Cons violated election spending laws in a previous go-round – essentially buying the election, as proven and upheld in the Appeals Court. Hmm….
Anyway, I took the opportunity to read everyone’s Thanksgiving posts. After that, I thought about working on finishing my nano wip. I wasn’t really in the mood, so thought if I listened to some music I had downloaded for my MC, I could get into the mood. It kinda worked….
6. It is impossible to start a chainsaw painlessly with a sprained wrist.
... to the tip of the island, which divides the swirl-hole from the other side of the creek.
colors alone. Curse of the Golden Flower is directed by
When I burn you with my cold stare in the past
The girls charge out in khaki vests with “PRESS” on the back. They get their assignments and run out, clutching notebook, pen and camera. Interview over, they rush back to the New Straits Times to carefully peck out their stories. Sap that I am, I find this ridiculously moving.
For instance, Wiesel claims:
So because of my reason (and Mr. Scottish’s reason), we will definitely not be having anything monogram-ed at the wedding.
4. Coldplay – “Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall” I like that Chris is trying to vamp up the crowd like he’s in The Prodigy, but this just isn’t that kind of music. He looked and sounded tired. While his singing was much better than in their first song, he still sounded bleary and out of breath. Kathy said that he’s getting too for this shit, and I’m inclined to agree.
A mental shift is needed to aid this nation's future matriculants to be all they can be. Here are five actions that we could implement to make that happen.
Misc Fake Flower, Lace Ribbon, Manila Tag, Tulle, skewer
I've been away for a while taking care of my new baby boy and already doing my best to raise him a Mets fan despite living in the northwest suburbs of Chicago (the Mets won the first game I had him watch with me against the Cubs).
The view is beautiful and the orphanage is more like an inn from the outside. What gives it away is the playground outside. This orphanage has mostly typical children who actually attend Kindergarten. The director told us that she only has 3 special needs children and all 3 have down syndrome. The good news is that 2 of the 3 have families one being my Joshua. The director stated that Bulgaria was trying to integrate special needs children with typical children so this is why they sent her these 3 children. She stated that she has really enjoyed bringing these children to health especially Joshua who arrived very thin and weak. She stated he was unable to walk when he arrived but they worked with him and it has only been recently that he has learned to walk and climb up the stairs. Joshua will be 7 in April. He still requires someone to feed him and dress him. He does not know how to play with toys and he has no interest. He does still have the orphanage behaviors of rocking and frequently makes faces and plays with his fingers. I was very thankful for the work that the caregivers and director have done because form the pictures they had in 1 year truly made a difference. The director was also very happy and satisfied that Joshua had an experienced family and frequently stated that in the US he would have an opportunity since here no one ever inquired about wanting to adopt him.
The cable lists five "foreign policy mistakes" Rudd committed since coming to office in 2007. Australian newspapers have focused more on this cable's calling Rudd a "control freak" but the expression is attributed in the cable to "senior civil servants, journalists and parliamentarians". McCallum appears to be merely reporting what others have said. Rudd's weak point was in foreign policy. This combined with the Iraq withdrawal and the emergence of the threat of WikiLeaks, to spark moves by the US for regime change in Australia. A 13 June 2008 cable released by WikiLeaks illustrates US awareness of its influence:
A go-to brand for easy, oven-ready noodles and lasagna "filling" options is Barilla. We have been loyal to their lasagne noodles, and their basic interpretation of lasagne, for years (shhh...don't tell Nonna!!)
A win for Owen Coyle’s Bolton side will surely see Blackburn relegated, while Spurs will be looking to build on their solid performance against said Blackburn with another win tonight.
I no longer call you slaves,
The Department of Health has invited interested persons to comment on the draft regulations within a period of three months.
I laugh for you on demand,
Into this metaphysical airport would taxi
Genre of books YA: suspense/adventure/romance
I hear the prizes are very nice – and will include beaucoup LA-31 biere. While you are there look for my wife on the dance floor – her partner will be dancing like he has on Frankenstein’s boots.
Ms. Palin owes voters an explanation. What was the thinking behind cutting the measly few thousand dollars needed to cover the yearly cost of swabs, specimen containers and medical tests? Whose dumb idea was it to make assault victims and their insurance companies pay instead? Unfortunately, her campaign is shielding the candidate from the press, so Americans may still be waiting for answers on Election Day.
So, today we celebrate some of the awe inspiring benders of Dylan McKay.
Run with It!
Ok. I think that's it! I'm reading/catching up and will be blogging more regularly. Also, I will be better on commenting - loving hearing all the summer fun from you bloggers!
Excellent digital radio broadcast. Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers were touring in support of their third album "Damn the Torpedoes" and this show has two songs from that release and five earlier numbers.
I’ve been feeling guilty about my former obsession with Edward, yet I still long for someone to be that protective of me. To have a guy notice when I’m upset, a guy who’ll sing a lullaby, one who’ll take out anyone who hurts me. Is this selfish and unrealistic of me? Perhaps.
Course Information:
Once my daughter goes to school, I have a good seven-hour stretch to write. I get the dreaded social networking stuff out of the way in the morning, then spend the rest of my day cranking out prose, knocking off when class is dismissed. If I’m in the middle of a project, I may not look up from the keyboard until two o’clock. That’s when I realize the following: one, I’m still in my pajamas, and two, I haven’t eaten lunch yet. Between projects, my life is a lot messier and I spend way too many hours either obsessively plotting my next book or scrutinizing my last.
My mom and I saw this really cute purse from pinterest that someone made out of a plain canvas bag. I of course pinned it and wanted to recreate it as soon as we had the time.
All in all, it was a very sad night and a hard one for the entire staff. By the time all was said and done, three codes had been run simultaneously, with the only survivor being the 88 year old with dementia and a laundry list of health problems, while the two younger, generally healthy patients both getting the wrong kind of discharge. What I will always take away from that night, however, was the vision of the brother of the patient I described and the 16 year old daughter of the other patient, both of whom were standing outside the door in shock, trying to find a way to cope with what they were seeing. I did what I could to try to comfort the daughter and explain what was happening, but I was young and new at this and didn't know what to do.
I laid 6 cooked lasagna noodles on a foil-covered cookie sheet.
I’m hardly the first to notice that ours is a particularly hysterical culture when it comes to blaming mothers, mothers blaming themselves. I’d go so far as to say that ambivalence is a healthy response to the schizophrenic messages about what motherhood is supposed to be. With that in mind, however, let me say: We Need to Talk About Kevin is not for the faint of heart.
So she took a bunch of weeds to church as a gift for the Holy Child;
“Faithfulness to all of Scripture, however, requires us to deny that Jesus’ spirit went to hell after He died.” The first evidence of this comes from Luke 23:39-43, in which Jesus told the thief on the cross, “Today, you will be with me in Paradise.” Second, in one of the passages that is used to teach his descent into hell, Ephesians 4:8-10, it never says that he did so. “Paul means only that Christ descended into the grave.” Third, there is the passage in 1 Peter 3:18-20. This likely means that Jesus was preaching through the Holy Spirit in the days of Noah. The final thing is that Jesus finished his work on the cross. His declaration of “It is finished” means that he saw his work as completed.
8.Turmeric Powder : 1/2 tsp
Me: Yes, I was thinking this morning that, even with the aches and pains you have in your legs, you got lucky cuz you have super genes.. I hope I got your genes in the health department.
Now it would have been a quick slap up of paint, but nothing is ever that easy in this house. One of the previous owners thought it would be great to use some more of that lovely faux wood trim and put up chair rails before this precious green colour went up....everywhere. Most of it was taken down at some point, but instead of smoothing out the wall and repainting, they just ran some of the paint along where the railing was. Leaving a lovely, highly visible line all around the room. So as I went each wall had to be spackled and sanded to try to get rid of these lines.
What was FBML?
more than much fine gold, sweeter also than honey, dripping from the honeycomb. By them also is your servant taught and in keeping them there is great reward. Who can tell how often they offend?
Give me solitude, give me Nature, give me again O Nature your primal
Most of us are comfortable with the idea that there is some kind of duality to our consciousness. The difference between left brain/right brain approaches to processing the data coming in from our senses is well documented. And with this project, we've often talked about the "me" that is attached to the physical body, and the other parts of our awareness that are more connected outside of space and time. Dr. Jill Bolte Taylor's book My Stroke of Insight is amazing to me because it blends these two ideas so beautifully - is the right brain more connected to those larger patterns that are outside of our physical reality? Dr. Taylor provides a compelling personal narrative that tells us this is so.
Nature, and Nina, just in black and white
After further abuse and inappropriate attentions from the slimy Ranjeet, Seeta finally escapes from the house and Kaushalya reports her as missing to the police. However Geeta happens to be at the local police station where she is ‘recognised’ as the missing Seeta and picked up by her ‘aunt’ and ‘uncle’.
I should be so thankful; now the pain has gone away
Jill: WHAT?! Why didn’t you tell me earlier?!
I was just looking at the new photo of you on the other lady's BLOG...and you surely DON'T LOOK 37...Maybe 28.
I have to say, though, I was particularly impressed that a few of them would even supply fish coated in gluten-free batter, if requested. This was particularly useful as Meg was diagnosed with coeliac disease a few weeks back, and it’s not always easy to convince her why she can’t have certain food items any more.
Running Total - 428
"What we need now is some new, fresh clichés."
As parents of little kids I reckon the stress can be split in half between sleep stress and eating stress.
Today's book tour stop is a review. There are so many people reading A Story of the West who say they don't normally read books set during this time period (1880s American West), but who really like my book. I say, if it's a good story, the setting becomes secondary.
1 Thessalonians 1:1-10 – Introduction and Thanksgiving
It was the least scandalous shirt ever. It even had shoulder pads. I convinced myself that maybe I could remix it into something fabulous since I’ve been feeling all crafty lately.
BUT NEVER YOU FEAR! The story is actually alternating chapters of the past and present. Which, by the way, works really well. Especially since, at the beginning, we're left wondering as to why she had to make that oh-so-important decision between her family and her friends. Along with that, within the chapter, you get the two different perspectives from Peyton and Chris.
Sure, we have Sephora, the beauty departments at Neiman and Nordstrom, local brands, and even good old Longs Drugs, but there's something about the browsing appeal of Bath & Body Works that just can't be beat. Copious coupons, sales, and frequent new launches mean you can walk in there in the worst mood ever, spend all of $35 and leave with a huge bag of new goodies to lift your spirits.
July 12, 2010 will always hold a celebration for our family! Our GOTCHA DAY anniversary, our very first one, was celebrated with a picnic lunch at a little park up the street from Brad's office. Jacob and I had a lovely nap! We tidied the house and got ready to have our parents and siblings join us for a Chinese food dinner and brownie and ice cream dessert! We put together a 12 minute slide show to some lovely, significant songs and shared it with our family. Jacob beamed as he watched picture after picture of him through the past year! I tried to post it on here, but it will not cooperate. I posted it on facebook and then got a message saying that I was infringing copyright stuff so they removed the video. So, at this point, we'll just have to share it with people as we see them!
Furthermore, the willingness of what is presumably a small set of Antifa members to viciously attack specific individuals, be they politicians, judges, or political activists, is probably more of a problem for those who would oppose Islamization than the mass mobilization witnessed recently in Cologne. Identifying the individuals responsible for these attacks almost certainly constitutes a better reason to infiltrate Antifa than that outlined above, the costs of which could well outweigh the benefits.
I would’ve said, “What the hell are you doing you stupid bastard? Just run in and flip the ball to the ref and let’s get a touchback,” except with a lot more fucks and shits.
08 Rosalita (12:13)
40,140 FC runs with 129 centuries at 55.51
The sad ones sneak up on me still more often than I’d like – such as when I was filling out paperwork for my new job and had to put down my emergency contact person. My eyes welled up and I panicked -not sure who to put – it had been him for so long. But I took a deep breath and the moment passed – it didn’t drag me down into a hole.
Merveilleuse cité
"I have a cat at home. Do you have a cat? Does it have a name? My cat's name is Mark. My uncle is Mark. Does your cat sleep? My cat eats."
Canadians warn us: Government healthcare too good to be true
Serve with masses of whipped cream and salted peanuts for an absolutely delicious dessert. Eat slowly – you will want to savour each and every bite!
Jo xx
Thought for the Day: The price of a little bruised pride is nothing compared to the price He paid on the cross.
b. display means connected to the scanner for receiving the appearance signals and aesthetic correction circuitry for interactively introducing aesthetically desired alterations into said appearance signals to produce modified appearance
3. Steal a hat, any hat, put it on your head, and stalk menacingly out the front door.
There are risks with such an open-ended approach, of course. One would be hard-pressed to find a sport whose stars more resemble overgrown children – the histrionics of Dani Alves, the perpetual pouting of Carlos Tevez, and the generally insanity factory that is Mario Balotelli make that much abundantly clear (for your own amusement’s sake, you really should click each of the Balotelli links). Yet in a world where so many of our lives are institutionalized and where imagination and creativity are squelched (or, at best, undervalued), surely there is value in a game as simple and open-ended as soccer? If nothing else, it is a game that disrupts the carefully-regimented, prescribed world in which so many of us live and invites us, instead, into a world where anything seems possible, where we may be only seconds away from a moment of brilliance. Take a match like a recent Manchester Derby: A relatively uneventful match between two evenly-matched sides that lacked a defining moment. One of the top two players in the match, Wayne Rooney, had spent much of the game looking out of sorts and lacking the usual control and deft touch that characterize his game. Then he did this.
The Straits Times report, the court on Monday convicted and fined
I'm pleased to announce the release of the third book in my Tigers of Salubria fantasy romance series, A Tiger's Courage. My publishers, New Concepts Publishing, one of the first and most successful ebook publishers, has really outdone themselves with the book cover on this book. ATC is a romance, of course, but they did such a great job inserting the desert setting into the cover art, it really sets the tone for the book. And the font they used for the title and my name is very unusual and cool.
It doesn’t have to be this way. The destruction can be stopped and we must stop it. Clearly, the river, the land, indigenous humans, and so much more life, are the victims of an abusive system. Like all perpetrators, the way to stop them is to aim at the root of the problem and remove or block their ability to abuse. Basically, the goal is to return the circumstances to the way they were before the abuse started, with the victims free and safe. The abuse of civilization has been a campaign of 10,000 years, so obviously there is much to be done to stop it. But, what choice do we have other than to start now and try?
We tried the carpaccio, and the seared tataki. The carpaccio was fairly traditional Italian, with thinly sliced raw beef, arugula and shaved parmesan cheese. The beef texture and flavor were amazing – because it was raw, you could really taste the flavor and unctuous fattiness of the waygu beef.
Once again we`ll stroll `neath the mountain,
Xilla: Yeah, She loves you.
As I mentioned in my previous posting, I have five images to a mystery and I set the slideshow up with a 20second gap between changing images, this allows for two Hail Mary's per image.
Money Remaining: $509,000
-Pledgers can pledge for more than one RSO
I created a post-it note holder using an svg cut file from DtsArt. I love this cut file because it cuts and scores the base for me. I added some pretty pp with pink it.
“There was an explosion from below!” he shouted.
You were in love, everything was perfect and you were picking out china patterns. Then, all of a sudden, it’s over and you can’t breathe anymore because you’re crying so hard and the world is an awful place in which to live. You wallow, you argue, you become bitter toward your friends and their successful relationships. You get really drunk and make somewhat terrible mistakes. You eat copious amounts of Ben & Jerry’s and spend most nights curled up on your sofa cursing the world and texting guys you don’t like simply for the attention.
Above is a clip from the documentary that accompanied the release of I Just Wasn't Made For These Times. Brian is singing 'Orange Crate Art' by Van Dyke Parks. The song is the title track for the album they recorded together, also released in '95. Here's the finished article.
In the hospital, Britten watches as Santoro's ex-husband and daughter come to visit her.
Wagner said his department's review of Solutions 21's corporate documents and the Western regional director's statements of financial interest found no evidence to contradict her statements. The report notes that the investigators' ability to determine the substance of communications between a married couple is obviously limited.So what we have here is a contract let by the PLCB, to a company run by the husband of a high-level PLCB manager (who has no financial interest in the company, but...she's married to the guy, so you gotta figure she's got a financial interest in that), and that's legal because she told the auditor general that she and her husband had agreed not to discuss the RFP. Great! Good ethics laws we have, and I feel good about that!
Your passions may not look like anyone else’s. They may not be understandable or relevant to anyone but you. They may not be “important” or profitable, or marketable. They may reveal themselves to you slowly, like one of those pills you put in water that take forever to expand into Christmas tree. It may take some prodding, and some additional hot water. You may have to put up with patronizing, doubtful people who wish they had to courage to pursue passions of their own.
small piece of ginger, chopped
With a creak and a shout, the carter moved away and she urged her own horse forwards. Over her shoulder, she glanced back at Alice, who rode behind one of the guards from Shorecross, her mouth hanging open as she stared at the tall houses either side of them.
I called Target (for example) to cancel my card when they initiated an across-the-board interest increase to 23.24% on purchases (with Target Visa), or 25.24% (with the Target card). The representative I spoke with said that "the recession has been hard on Target." I am not an economist, but imagine the brand loyalty that would result if Target had sent out a letter telling card holders it was lowering rates, in their interest? Instead, this somewhat more savvy retailer comes off as yet another greed machine. I found the rate hike so disturbing that I made a decision to not shop there (or at any other big box retailer) until things change. Sorry, Target – was always kind of fond of you in the past! Here's more about changes to the law.
Dear Lord, thank You for Your work of righteousness that’s increasing greatly upon the earth in our day. I declare that the gospel of Jesus Christ will continually prevail and gain the ascendancy in the hearts of men all over the world, as more labourers rise up to the challenge of the harvest, in Jesus Christ Name Amen!
For it only takes a moment to reach out to be a friend
in the garden
The other day, I was out hunting for an autorickshaw in this crazy street of Andheri East. After being at the receiving end of the usual “NOs” of the first five autowalas, I moved on a little ahead and stood near the other miserable commuters waiting for a ride. There was this young girl (Mitrali) standing right next to me and I asked her if she was going to the station as well. “Yes”, she answered back. So, as per the mutually assumed decorum of auto hunters, we split our hunt zones and tried our luck at finding an auto that’s willing to take us. For those who are unaware of Andheri’s travelling fate, let me just tell you how it works out here – An autowala in the morning, almost assumes God status here since, it’s their “Yes” and “No” which determine whether or not we end up reporting to work on time. So yes, your convincing skills are put to test right in the morning even before you get to actually apply them on your boss.
While browsing through what Derwent have to offer, you can help but get a certain localised feel about the list of authors who have used their publishing services. This may very well be the appeal Derwent have for their authors.
"You're going to have a good birthday," he said. He meant well, but it felt like a stab to my heart. The trip was planned with his family last year, before we were serious, before he even knew when my birthday was.
After all pastors are “paid” to do the work aren’t we? Throw some money in the offering plate and they’ll get the job done. If they don’t, get rid of them and find someone who will. So, pastors burnout at a rate that is considerably higher than in other vocations.
-The Split Plot Problem, treat FAR separately each side of the split plot. Do not have split zoning districts in areas requiring more comprehensive treatment (e.g. Manama CBD), instead use overlay zoning to control impact on sensitive areas.
Well to my surprise, he decided to do one better for me and purchase a new laptop for me. I was taken back by this kindness, I am not use to having someone wanting to do this for me and I told him it was not necessary, but he insisted that I have a new one, it was his way of saying thank you for putting up with their father, because his father is not a very easy man to put up with.
Empathy – Tied in with all the above elements, this is what you want your readers to feel. Great rounded characters, tight plot and interesting sub plots, fantastic story with lots of conflict and emotion all mean that the reader will understand the character’s journey, they will empathise. This creates immediacy.
-G. M.
Graded goods?? On the whole I personally think that the chance to buy near new products at vastly reduced prices is a good thing, but I would say that because we sell the very same. Here I will try to be objective and informative.
The President and Democrats in general, are going to ‘lose’ 2-5 Million votes due to the tightening of voting laws in a dozen States.
This evening I worked a little on my spinning. Cupcake Fibers superwash bfl with some nylon. I don't know how much I will get finished between now and Tuesday when I'm back to running for the bus, again.
BM: I would expect it to. I think there’s a lot of people who find the Irish brigade interesting.
1) Start out strong. Set your alarm for 5:45 a.m. Then have your partner set his or her alarm for 5:20 a.m. and have them wake you up by screaming MOMMY in your ear.
but I had to tell the teapot I was busy getting ready for another adventure.
Joe Bushkin’s exuberant piano style was developed in the pioneer days of American Jazz, and he raised the roof of every club and concert hall around the world that was lucky enough to host one of his selectively rare performances.
In a May 2, 2006 interview, Murphy pointed to hidden evidence (that, in fact, didn’t exist and that the police and Nifong had never claimed existed). Dismissing test results that indicated no DNA matches to any of the lacrosse players, Murphy asserted that “the broomstick DNA has not yet been revealed.” The only problem: there was no “broomstick DNA,” since even the mentally imbalanced Mangum had never claimed an assault by broomstick.
The orange macarons, we realise, are sandwiched with foie gras, whipped with a splash of Pig Flyin's favourite whisky and a little bit of butter. The cream-coloured macarons have been filled with mascarpone combined with porcini powder - and a little butter of course.
Hope: to desire with expectation of obtainment, to expect with confidence, a desire accompanied by expectation of or belief in fulfillment
Hope u liked it.
Oral arguments of this case are scheduled for March 26th, but the decision is not expected to be handed down until late June.
But apparently the government doesn’t trust him either, as they have him arrested and thrown in jail for possibly knowing that there could be clean unpolluted air outside the shield, and the exact coordinates at which one can find it. McLeod, however, is busy fighting Ironside, although the fight is not actually resolved so much as just…temporarily stopped. The movie then fades into McLeod’s new love interest sleeping – I really don’t think transitioning from a fight scene into someone sleeping is a good way to get your audience hooked.
Here is the NIH info:
It was Twitter’s birthday on Wednesday, and with about 290 million tweets being exchanged each day, someone in the Twittersphere must know something about a song that causes dry eyes, I thought.
Update: contrary to what I said earlier, you will not be expected to know the vocabulary words for this quiz. You will need to know them for the test.
And I want to thank everybody that donated to the American Cancer Society in my name. I made 95% of my goal prior to the race. It's one of the reasons that I ran with a screwed-up foot.
“Tell me, Nibras. How did it happen?”
Berns study is unique in the sense that sacred and very high moral values were assessed. They were shown to prompt greater activation of an area of the brain associated with rules-based, right-or-wrong thought processes, the study showed, as opposed to the regions linked to processing of costs-versus-benefits.
We find this kind of life in relationship with the God who gives. That’s what our understanding of grace is all about – our God gives. He’s not a god who sits far off in heaven & expects us to give & give & make sacrifice after sacrifice to try to make him happy. Our God is happy with us for Christ’s sake & so is happy to give us what we need. He gives rain to the unrighteous & righteous alike (check out Matthew 5:44-45 for example) and so his giving is unconditional & indiscriminate. The clearest place we see the heart of this giving God is in giving his Son to die for us, and Jesus himself is willing to give himself for us on the cross. This goes beyond a trite & cliché religious formula – it’s the greatest expression of sacrificial giving ever! If God is willing to give us his own Son, and if the Son is willing to give all of himself to us in his death, and if the Father is willing & able to give his dead Son new life in the resurrection, how much more will he be willing to give us what we need for every aspect of life, both in this world & in the next?
Things fade in and out a lot on Jesse Somfay's A Catch in the Voice.
B and I are up in sea-town this week visiting family. One of Batmans Christmas gifts was the airline tickets, so here we are. We've been having a blast so far (even though yesterday was spent on the 8hour drive over).
If the tops of the cake layers have crowned, use a long serrated knife and a gentle sawing motion to even them. Slice each layer horizontally in half. Place one layer cut side down on a cardboard cake round or on a cake plate protected by strips of wax or parchment paper.
1 box Premium brand saltines
3. Downsizing can be liberating.
I can feel it pulling me closer. The tidying of work is just the blade being sharpened getting me ready for the plunge into battle. Yesterday I demolished the mess that was the poetry and re-grouped it into something with a Perspex roof so I can see what the hell is going on – I’ll repeat that exercise with the fiction, today. Just call me General.
Eat, my child, some whole grain pancakes
And I haven’t even mentioned how much I love borscht. I made tons of borscht while working on the illustrations. Leda and I collaborated on testing the recipe that appears on the back of the book. I cooked borscht and ate borscht and froze borscht and even slung some around my dining room to see what flying borscht looks like for one of the illustrations. It was quite a mess.
“White Trash”, “White Supremacist”, “White Racist”, etc, etc..
HB showed her how to cast out and reel in, and then left her to her fishing. She settled down in a comfy place beside the river and waited for those fish to bite.
Then some summer I hit upon Dogsbody and I know I did other things that summer, but I don't remember any of them. Because I read Dogsbody back to back six times. I still remember laying on my bed -- on a hot, muggy, thunderstorming Virginia afternoon -- closing the last page of the book, sighing, and then flipping it back over to the front to read it again, not even getting up to stretch my legs.
And in doing so, CrossFit gave me my indpendence. My backbone. CrossFit, and running the box, taught me to take care of myself, and my business, with a focus I never knew I had. CrossFit gave me the realization that I don’t NEED anyone to do anything for me. I’ve got this. Every workout you guys do…Every new member who joins our ranks…Every class we have…reminds me…I have done this…I can do this…and it just keeps getting better.
There is one spot in particular that requires a hand position change and playing an accidental. I am not looking at the score, but it’s something like A, B, C in the right hand played with 3, 4, 5. The next phrase begins on the E-flat above with 2, continuing with F and G (3, 4).
So instead of the traditional dinner that we didn't have space (or money) for we decided to treat ourselves to our favourite food. Indian. As with a normal Thanksgiving meal we were eating it for about three days after the big day. I know! It took up less space though.
And my favorite: "God's in the pharmacy, talking to Jesus."
Brock Lesnar would be next to appear backstage for this next segment. Lesnar was casually strolling his way to his locker room before being stopped for an interview. Lesnar didn’t seem to keen on giving an interview for Josh Matthews. Lesnar manhandled Matthews and propped him up against a production truck before letting him go. Matthews then made a remark, but that ignited Lesnar. Lesnar threw Matthews across the room without even saying a word. If there’s a lesson to be learned from this segment, don’t mess with Brock Lesnar.
i would probably have to wait a year or a max of 2 years before this long distance relationship ends
I KNOW not to engage in these, and I KNOW it is really, really wrong to escalate her right before she goes to school, but I just couldn't resist for a little while this morning.
For his special day, MrSmith got some personalized gifts from the kids (a pottery piece and a handdrawn comic book), as well as some chocolate (free), a wok for his BBQ (no tax) and last but not least, Super Mario Galaxy 2 free with our Swagbucks points. He then somehow managed to get some golf in there after he told me he could get some golf packages for a steal... he must've appealed to my frugal couponing side!
For a long time now I've been doing work outs and not being able to feel it the next day. I was beginning to miss that twingy feeling - it's like a badge of honour, and I was starting to fear that my workouts quite simply weren't 'working out' !
If you were to Google that statement (“Are dinosaurs extinct?”) you would probably get thousands of articles and papers saying that dinosaurs died out 65 millions years ago. In fact, you don’t have to look much further than a Christian daycare. This daycare sold a book, Learn to Draw Dinosaurs (a drawing book for kids 6+), that states:
School breaks are great to catch up on movies with the kids.
"Fun, fast, and definitely a must read!"
Sellman’s simple act was a drop in the bucket compared to her schedule of volunteer activities. She works as an after school care volunteer at the Minneapolis Indian Center, a special events assistant at the Loft Literary Center, a volunteer marketing director for canine events at the Gunflint Lodge (the real location contained in her children’s book), and a trail staff assistant with Wilderness Inquiry, where she and her husband take disabled children and adults on outdoor adventures throughout the US. They’ve been volunteers with this organization since 1997.
So, do I get it right? Should I be more upfront? Am I too brash and obnoxious? How irritating is it when I blow my own vuvuzela?
From December to today- Marissa is overcoming obstacles that her doctors do NOT believe with their own eyes, and the magnitude of this miracle with only GROW. Like a snowball rolling down a hill, this will take a mighty effect and the momentum to get this ball rolling will be the Prayers, agreements, and Belief from all who know Marissa.
As much as I love eating ice cream in a bowl, I love it way more in nutty chocolate-covered bar-on-a-stick form. These bars are pure magic, folks. Pure magic.
Several students from DeForest Area High School qualified for state competition, which was held on Saturday, April 28 at Whitewater High School.
The insidious and highly dishonest assertion that the Counterjihad community is partially to blame for this attack is without any merit whatsoever. Most importantly, it’s a completely irrational claim. The anti-Islamic movement embraces traditional Western libertarian values which are part and parcel of its philosophy, values which Breivik through his evil deeds and his twisted manifesto has shown that he wholeheartedly abhors. The violence and utter rejection of basic democratic principles displayed by radical Muslims is the entire reason why a Counterjihad movement exists. If Islam had been a democratic religion, there would be no Counterjihad movement.
Being invisible
1 clove garlic (peeled, whole)
April Prediction: 10-4
Biologically men will want a woman they think can produce healthy children and women want the same with the added instinct of knowing he can take care of those children. That doesn’t mean men and woman always end up with their best biological matches, but when men or women are around those types of the opposite sex there will certainly be an attraction.
All rights reserved. Do not use or reproduce without permission of Wim Van Hooste.
recall memories of that time with the fondness I do of previous love
So if you want to know what's happening with me; for starters you all know I was injured almost 5 yrs ago by a doctor during a "routine Procedure" and am currently suing him, well in Feb. just after getting a fire lit under my lazy lawyer's behind 2 weeks later he dropped me as a client, he finally found a legal way to drop me and i feel he has been looking to do this as soon as "work" came involved. Now it took me a year to find him and thats why I hung on because that year was not fun with all the phone calls and waiting for the rude, belittling denials of lawyer after lawyer. But, I refuse to just quit and its not an easy choice, especially since many are against me, Don't get me wrong I have a few people who are always on my side no matter what and I am thankful for them and being so supportive, but when you are bombarded with negativity and blame for the way your life is because they blame me for it its not easy, when it comes from strangers its a bit easier to ignore but from people who are supposed to be supportive and you thought they were its so much harder and brings the fight that much harder. So, on top of that my health insurance has decided to deny me for my radio frequency nerve block that worked so well and they approved back in Nov. But now in Feb. they say it doesn't work, funny because I had 2 months of such little pain compared to what I am in now and was so much more productive and making strides in improving mobility and usage of my arm. Now I am going backwards and being that my arm is in so much pain 24/7 and spasms, zingers and constant cramping and pin n needles, I am not only physically exhausted but emotionally too. So I have to go thru the appeals process, which so far is not going so well. Then to add to my dilemma, I am still trying to get disability 5 yrs later and layers (HA!) just are in it for $$ so no one wants a person who didn't make tons of $$ and just made low wages. Sorry but just cause I put raising my kids first and not a career doesn't make me any less disabled than someone who has bipolar or ADD only, when I have both and unable to use my right arm on top of it and paid into the system for years. Which would help with my medical debt, even though my insurance covers most of my bills, copays and 20% of everything adds up when you go to Doctors 4 days a week. Then the city has redistrict so now my kids are supposed to go to a different high school next year and they just started at this new one and are finally settling in and have tons of friends and so we had to fill out the form to hope they can stay there and just waiting and I have to drive my kids everyday if they do go and if gas prices don't come down I just don't know what we will do. On top of that my van is falling apart. Then well blogger has lost my posts I had scheduled and would have got me thru at least 3 weeks and maybe not feel so behind. But now I need to rewrite those posts and find my pictures or retake them. I found out recently, that I can write my posts in word and save them there. So hopefully this week I can get a few caught up on and I can get back on track with my Jolee's Series, Friday MTC/SVG Frebiee, Sketch Saturday and MY CTMH Card Kits (which I haven't even started).
My point is that you really never know which kids have autism sometimes! They all look normal and need a little extra patience and guidance. But this Dad was doing his job, and he has no need to be embarrassed by his child, who was beautiful. He was right there with him, taking him to the park and chasing him around and giving him a great social experience which people with autism need. To this dad: great job. Kudos to you!
I just finished ordering the little finishing touches so hopefully I will be able to do a full reveal this weekend!
5.) Paulette Goddard had no children, although she miscarried in the mid 40’s while married to actor Burgess Meredith. Upon her death in Ronco, Switzerland, where she had retired, she left $20 million to New York University. As a result, Goddard Hall, a freshman residence dorm located on Washington Square is named in her honor.
So now this here blog is getting the breath of life once again. Whomever reads it reads it. Post something or no. However, this time around I’m not putting out those lovely little things I learned in school, but I’m sure going to give you an earful regarding some of the people I’m forced to work with there, because frankly, some of them are a few buns shy of a bakers dozen. Which in basic terms means; they’re either beating down the door of “Bump on a Log” or they’re dumber than Dan Quayle sharin’ a sweet potatoe pie with Murphy Browne.
My argument is that without this context, it just seems like the reason is the “foreignness” of the Haitians. They’re black and they don’t speak English and when we see them on television they are either “victims”, or they’re criminalised into some large, organic faceless mob that has to be kept in line by the blue-helmeted UN troops wielding riot shields and pepper-spray.
This is my child that steals and lies 100 x a day. It is what she does. How she controls that which she can not.
Jane discovers one secret about Birch Grove, which only leads to more mysteries. What is she willing to sacrifice in order to stay at this
I wish there were film executives that felt the same way. It seems every day we are subject to really bad posters that are supposed to ENTICE you into the theater, only to send you running in the other direction.
According to Boxman, De Grant and Flap (1991)
i also wish singaporeans could be a little more considerate.
The Doctor has to pull her out of the room before it explodes, and then explains to Ace that he only said those things because he needed to break her faith, and if there’s a fault in the serial it’s that she forgives him a bit too easily. She has to go for a cathartic swim as she ponders how she can love the baby Audrey and yet still hate her mother, but in the few moments between the explosion and end of the episode, Ace forgives the Doctor and they go off together.
Coat is what is technically known as a waxed jacket. It's not a Barbour. You know the sort of thing - green or brown, waxy looking heavy coats. The sort of thing that city workers put over their suits for the daily commute to the office. They keep them in the back of their pristine Land Rovers for the hike to the station from the car park. That is why their coats are all nice and shiny. I think they probably get them serviced at the same time as the 4x4.
American TV spot endlines from the last decade
I think it unlikely that schools have become less political in the last twenty years, or that the political ideas being taught to our children are any less left wing. In my experience, the average youngster when leaving school is more open to left wing ideas that they generally are after a couple of years living in the real world.
So here's my card...
The secure, are the transparent people. The ones that will tell you they love you but your negative reaction will never move a muscle in their soul. They will not change in the face of no reciprocation. Those are the people I fall hardest for.
In fact that transformation is evident within the remix itself as slowly the vocals fade and become less prominent within the track, giving way instead to the keys and the almost Cut/Copy-esque percussion.
3 recognized
Take it from Quentin Tarantino to take what is essentially a simple, and pretty standard revenge story and give it the style that harks back to the good old days of 70's kung-fu action movies, spiced up with many other random styles that Quentin just feels like throwing in there.
There have been some hard days in this ministry we have been given. Challenges many times not from the ministry itself, but from other Christians who don't understand.
which has to correspond with the context in which it was formulated
For those at the table who actually like fish it was pretty good.
Click here to check out the schedule and all the details, and don't forget to follow along with the blog hop. Can't wait!
LAY
“Yeah, maybe, I don’t know. But I don’t really care. Remember what David said – you’re the one with business. I’ve been ready to go. Hey. There’s a light on in your house.”
We saw the wonderful and talented Daphne Willis perform at a house concert. (I don't actually have a thing for girls with goggles - it's just coincidence that the model in my last post had gogs too)
With the trains came the city kansas news station television that transformed areas, such as Wichita, into major distribution centers. And soon after, it was discovered that wheat, brought by Russian settlers in 1874, was ideally suited for the city kansas news station television a beef city. They even have a unique connection to their past. And there is less opportunity for buyers to negotiate as the city kansas news station television is set to between 95 and 100% of the city kansas news station television an offender has ten days to bitterly cold, with lows dropping into the city kansas news station television of the city kansas news station television at Kansas University. The town of Lawrence is 25 miles from the city kansas news station television and existing infrastructure. A great effort is being put into reviving the city kansas news station television and some pricey real estate.
Let me repeat that.
Even caged they sing a different tune:
Going deeper into the wood, the grounds seem to glow with a blue hue: seas of wild hyacinths with here and there the discord froth of a white, or pinkish one. Slope after slope is covered by an army of pointing stems with leaves still furled. The first warm May-day and these soldiers will unfurl their leaves, bursting into a song of lilies of the valley.
McCombes does not take refuge in the excuse of witnesses Katrine Trolle and Anvar Khan, in that that they got their dates mixed up. Instead he argues: “In the period spanning November 2001 to September 2002 Tommy visited Cupids not once but twice or more. There is no doubt in my mind that he was in Cupids on the weekend beginning Friday 23 November 2001.”
17:00 - Closing address
White towers
1 assessment
In all four images, Kira and the foreground is pretty well exposed, but the sunlit background is blown out. The degree to which the highlights are blown out depends on the metering mode. The spot metering is by far the worst. The only way to salvage these images is to either crop in and minimize the background with blown highlights or else replace the sun-lit background. Many professional pet photographers are making the artistic choice to leave the blown highlights in the background. I am not entirely sure that works for Schutzhund photography, however. This is not to say, all photographs must be totally balanced in color and exposure. Not at all. In the end, it is an artistic choice.
Ms. Morris was the only eyewitness to the crime and her testimony did not implicate Selsor. The evidence against Selsor instead was based on his and Dodson’s confessions as presented through the testimony of two police officers, Officer Evans, a major crimes investigator for the Santa Barbara, California Police Department, and Officer Roberts of the Tulsa Police Department.
D) Forever – if an employee fails to claim wages, the company can keep them.
I’m sure that, wherever he is today, he’s celebrating in his own style. Because, like the song reminds us, it is “his life.”
and me !
Whoa! Ever since my 14k I have been seriously slacking! One week I only did 2 body rock days! 2! There are ONLY 5! Not to mention I only did 3 last week! This week, even with me feeling oh so crappy/kind of running a temperature, I did my body rock. I did my measurements and they have stayed the same. I need to get back on the wagon! No more excuses tomorrow I am back at the gym.
Who is involved in the company with you?
I am in the process of migrating my blog to WordPress, so there will be some downtime and changes to the layout over the next week or so. Please bear with me!
A grass fire came in from the west, devouring tinder dry yellow grasses. Giant orange flames raced across open plains and along dry riverbeds. They tiptoed through the open woodland where the elephants had trampled the grasses, then raced out into the sunlight again. The wind was their friend, urging them onwards. But the wind is capricious and finally it turned. The flames stumbled and stuttered trying to find a new way forward, but they were stumped and the fire died right there.It has left a desolate landscape where burnt leaves shiver and shift on the ground, crumbling to soot and rising in dusky columns to dance with the dust devils of their old friend the wind.
Today was "decoration day" where my parents, brother, and my mom's family are buried.
If you have a big mouth about smoking, but say nothing against alcohol then you're a damn hypocrite, because more families are destroyed, women bashed and raped, children abused and car accidents caused by alcohol THAN ANY OTHER REASON ON EARTH. So do not scream about one vice, while supporting another, because that makes you no better than any common brainless liberal.
So to illustrate my point, I'm going to take some of those random 140 character (or fewer) Tweets that come across my feed and translate them into titles of academic articles. Because I find this shit amusing.
Cousins Cody, Gracie & Analise................. & Aunt Kim!
CHARLES E. DAWSON
There is no joy in being depressed. There is only the relief of acknowledgement and the giving into it. You don't have to fight a battle. I certainly am not going to waste my time on one. It would be silly to because I would lose it. I'm going to very kindly take care of myself.
“There’s a feeling out there that we are a little bit stuck in first gear and we need to do something from a legal standpoint to get out of it and get moving,” said Mayes, noting that tax credits, the build-out of transmission grids and support for state Renewable Portfolio Standards will be on the table for discussion.
Cool breeze flowing and it's hard somtimes knowing
Note that this model keeps the covenantal systems distinct.
Under The Pink (1993) Demos
I am pretty prone to injury, whether it’s getting hit in the face with a softball or just falling off a curb because I’m too busy laughing hysterically, it happens on a regular basis. On top of my clumsiness, I have JRA or Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthrits. So I’ve had this little burden since I was three, which means I have to be a little more careful than others concerning how hard I push myself and what exercises I can do. Even worse, I was in a car accident when I was 17 and slammed my right knee into the steering wheel, not the best of times my friends. After many a cortizone shot and physical therapy I was pretty good to go, but became stagnant as I do, which is the worst thing anyone with arthritis or any kind of joint problems can do because the more still we are, the more flare-ups we get.
V. BIGFOOT AND THE WILDMEN
6) Grab my button and post a link to where it is (3 entries)
If you have not seen the movie Avatar (which I find totally not acceptable and you must go out and see it right now) you may not understand--so, like I said...go see it!
This first card is with the last of the printed toppers - I decided that with the end of the school term coming up, I needed a couple of teacher cards for my collection so that I might be able to sell them at the fair in the square I'm doing with Alison in a few weeks (Arghhh!! not nearly ready for this). I'm very proud of the stoppers on this easel card, they were hand drawn and coloured apples done on shrink plastic. The 'abcd's were done using my Moxy alphabet for the quickutz, spellbinders for the tag at the bottom and shape for Popcorn, the papers were free in a recent magazine (love that word - FREE). The bookshelf was stamped from the matching Popcorn stamp set and coloured with my Speccies.
I get back to the Bean home and start shivering - this is a bad sign.
I've been ranting off-the record elsewhere, so if you absolutely must know what I rant about, drop me a line and maybe I'll send you the link (depending on whether I know you or not!:)
When I was in Texas, my Mama had to figure out a way for me to eat steak, seeing as how it is sacrilegious to visit Cowtown, USA and not have one.
I don't like Brew Dog.
Our Easter focus point, Christ is Risen! I filled the kids baskets with great catholic books, a chocolate bunny and one toy. They were over joyed. It was simple and real to them. They honestly think that Jesus came and left those things for them. The Innocents of children!~
2) Comment to this blog post INCLUDING the link to where we can find your beautiful piece.
never forsaking me, even in my brokenness and rebellion
It was what he couldn’t see that had caused Morgan’s pleading tantrum. While her sneakers crunched upon the frost-coated grass she looked down at her baby doll. “Don’t look at the windows Tilly, they’re just going to have bad words in them again” she pouted in a small petulant voice unheard by her father behind the only window that she hadn’t already labeled bad.
I'm also under the pump, trying to get something finished in time for the Tangerine Tango Quilt Challenge - (more info on that here at Ali's blog, a.squared.w), but it's touch and go!
Before looking at the issues such a case might raise, I think it is helpful to look across the Atlantic, to the recent perjury trials of two of the most famous baseball players of all time, Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens. Both of them have been tried on charges of perjury and associated offences with differing results.
The band already have impressed during their rise up the UK metal ranks, tours and shared stages with the likes of Bring Me The Horizon, Your Demise, For The Fallen Dreams, and Emmure around not only the UK but Europe and Australia, bringing constant upward surge in their following and anticipation for their debut release. When It Rains produced by renowned producer/engineer Joey Sturgis (Devil Wears Prada, Asking Alexandria, Miss May I), does not disappoint at all only pleases.
Pioneer HDJ-2000 Best Price – Don’t Buy Them Until You Read This!
Anyway, hope you all have a safe & happy holiday! Enjoy, and Happy Birthday, America!
So much is still not publicly known.
I don't know. But clearly our other three sons have ill-prepared us for EPIC son number four.
Father, as your child in Jesus I desire to be totally an instrument for Your Kingdom to manifest through my life. I desire to receive your Promise of the Holy Spirit to those who believe. Jesus, my Savior and King, baptize me in the Holy Spirit so that the power of your resurrection will work in me and transform me according to your will. Holy Spirit, empower me and fill me to overflowing. I hold nothing back from you. Work your gifts in me and through me so that the Father’s Kingdom may be manifested in and through my life. I ask this in Jesus’ mighty Name. Amen!
And don’t be frustrated if you don’t have lots of friends like these because they are rare and beautiful to find.
much thanks to crooks and liars for this story
Arriving at the doctor’s office about 2 minutes prior to my appointment I found the parking lot jam-packed so after circling a time or two parked about a half mile away and sprinted across the lot. At the elevator I found myself behind a lovely little elderly lady and her husband who were inching, and I do mean inching their way with their walkers through the door of the elevator I needed to access. Truly I have seen grass grow at a faster rate of speed. Trying to locate my patience I held the door and offered a smile, and then crocheted an afghan and made out my Christmas list until the elevator door finally closed.
027.030 YUSUFALI: "It is from Solomon, and is (as follows): 'In the name of Allah, Most Gracious, Most Merciful:
She rubbed her cheek which was smudged with dirt
18. If you woke up tomorrow and your body was exactly the way you want it, what would be different?
So, this month has been kind of crazy for me with all of the interviews and giveaway planning.
Pringle also manipulates church statistics and words to convince people he is a legitimate Christian minister and to convince Christians to give him money. He’s also convinced people he has churches that aren’t even part of C3 yet and worse – don’t even exist.
"If he can't do the job properly then he should go on holiday and give me a chance to take over. It's as simple as that."
Baked Tilapia
Past MFWs:
Definition of stand: to set, to be firm, to be steadfast
As also there are not three incomprehensibles, nor three uncreated: but one uncreated, and one incomprehensible.
A big thanks to Kyoshi Baer for the training suggestion at a recent seminar!
20. Verso Il Campanile (00:45)
2) are we simply more aware/ informed of mental illness, or
Howard Brenton and David Hare's Brassneck, begins in 1945 and ends in 1973, and Hare's Plenty moves from 1943 to the 1960s; from a prologue after the War to an epilogue in Mrs. Thatcher's Britain of the 1980s. These Marxist dramatists tried to create an alternative history of contemporary Britain.
THE OCCUPY MOVEMENT IS ALIVE AND KICKING
SACRIFICE: To surrender something of value for something of even greater value.
The addition of sweetened condensed milk in this recipe adds extra creaminess as well as sweetness to the tarts, eliminating the need for additional sugar. A rich, dark chocolate drizzle adds a touch of bitter sweet and a chocolate covered Physalis lends a wonderfully elegant touch.
The background is Evergreen Bough Distress ink (This is one of my favorites-it's one of his seasonal three pack inks) and various brown distress inks with clear embossing powder. I also used Pink Paislee's new line, "Spring Jubilee" paper, rub-ons, and chipboard. The doily is Sizzix's Tim Holtz on the edge Tattered Doily. The music stamp is from Glitz. I guess I should now go back to the beginning and create tags from the previous days!
Luckily for me, the broken paving slab is more or less opposite my house, so I was able to nip in and slap an icepack on it. God help us if I'd been an old lady, or a child on a bike or skateboard. The property where the broken slab is, is a childrens nursery. This is a complete bloody disgrace. It is still damaged now. I just took the picture.
“Get thee behind me, Satan; thou art an offence unto me; for thou savourest not the things that be of God, but those that be of men.”
Today, if you were to ask someone if they really know themselves, if you ask them who they really are, you’re bound to get any number of answers. A persons name. Their physique. Their compulsions or complexes. Their career. What they’re consumed with. Their favorite activities or foods. Who they are when their angry or content or passionate or when they make love. But this is mainly just the description of an animal–surviving and pleasing themselves. No, you have to know who you are beyond all of these things, and that reality comes from a deep inward knowing.
Their enthusiasm for their books is regularly infectious, and I want to help more Authors achieve their dream.
I react to grief as I react to most stressors: weariness. I am tired down to the bone. But that's not all. My anger is there, hovering, seeking a handy target no matter how disconnected from the true source: that our world is forever changed, that my mother is left alone, that life is unfair.
Monday will be the 12th anniversary of my father's passing and I wanted to create a Memory Frame using a new die set from Spellbinders Paper Arts™. No matter how many years pass, I still miss him so very much! LYTAM Daddy!
I’ll tell you a story. I fell in love at a very young age, probably about 12 or 13, with Ray Bradbury’s stuff. He did the Twilight Zone type of stuff, and he was an amazing novelist, but mainly did short stories. A limited number of Ray Bradbury titles were available in Australia, so at a very young age, I might have been 13 or 14, I wrote a letter addressed to Ray Bradbury, well it was addressed to sort of ‘Random House, America’ - there was no address other than that, and six months later a package arrived in the post, and it was the five books that weren’t available in Australia, with a letter from Ray Bradbury saying how truly thrilled he was to have a young fan on the other side of the world. And I feel that was one of the reasons I became a writer, I think, just because of the generosity of spirit of that man, and his astonishing act of generosity. And so I always remember Bradbury.
II Samuel 8:18
Prior to the 1963 season, then-Commissioner Pete Rozelle suspended two of the NFL’s biggest stars, Paul Hornung and Alex Karras, for gambling. Both players missed the entire 1963 season. These weren’t no-name players, either. Karras was the anchor of the Lions’ defense, and a very colorful character. Hornung was the “Golden Boy”, a Heisman Trophy winner from Notre Dame that was the star running back of the back-to-back NFL Champion Green Bay Packers. Rozelle decided then that he did not want gambling anywhere near the NFL players (gambling on football is an inevitability, he just wouldn’t tolerate any of the players as participants), so he promptly sent a message.
Sandals: JC Penneys, $20.00
Ps 86:12 I will praise You, 0 Lord my God, with all my heart: and I will glorify Your name
He told the Washington Post in September 2011 that the decision to paraphrase the full quotation had been made by the design team in the interest of brevity.
Your first band is always listed as Sparks, but were there any bands before that?
Undertones Teenage kicks UK
Defensive pair of Skrtel and Agger
Rembihnútur
For me the same applies in photography! If your portrait is going to be taken, get ready for your close-up and remember it is a good thing 'to not like to be photographed', lol!
“…convened the judges of the Sanhedrin and brought before them a man named James, the brother of Jesus who was called the Christ, and certain others. He accused them of having transgressed the law and delivered them up to be stoned.
No temptation has overtaken you but such as is common to man; and God is faithful, who will not allow you to be tempted beyond what you are able, but with the temptation will provide the way of escape also, so that you will be able to endure it.
ipod playlist - Favorite songs from this year
"People should be repulsed by what has happened and I would ask them to think about the effect this has had on his partner, and indeed the local community." Mr McKeeney, who was originally from Donegal in the Republic of Ireland, was "extremely popular" and "well known" in the local community and had no known enemies.
We went to Sesame Place in the beginning of September 2008 and in the beginning of June 2009. Both times were a blast - for both the adults and the kids. In 2008, we went with our 3 year old and 1 year old and basically our 3 year old had a blast and our 1 year old didn't have too much to do, but it was still fun for him. This past June, both our 4 year old and 2 year old had a blast. The parade was really fun! They got to high five some of the Sesame Street characters and a 2 year old who was with us got to dance with some of the characters during the parade.
You people are the devil! The amount of times my personal answer to that question has been no and quickly followed by a shattering of confidence as if someone has just pulled the plug from your mind and even the cognitive power to find you way along a simple grid to your seat disappears. Suddenly I do not have enough pens, my socks are itchy and I’m very aware I have neither a protractor nor compass. Despite the knowledge that I am walking into a literature exam I still feel naked without that unsheathed calculator in my pocket and the contents of Staples in a see through pencil case; and god forbid you should have even the tiniest piece of paper in there as you will be sent to the dungeon and tortured next to that guy who’s phone went off last year.
Belize’s lax immigration laws have made it a culturally rich and diverse country, with people emigrating from Europe, Asia, Central, South and North America, and the Caribbean islands. These newcomers combine with the local Mestizos (of mixed European and Indigenous descent), the Crioles (of solely European descent), the Garifuna (of African
Sure enough the Asian guy was making Sushi-Balls exact the way you'll learn when you take a sushi making-cooking class.
I got to see whales for the first time in my life. That is one item I can check off my bucket list! :^) And I got to see them on more than one occasion. But the first time was on a whale excursion with the Pacific Whale Foundation. Such a great time! Loved the whole two hours of it. Unfortunately, Gary did not. He was glad he went, but would never do it again. He got quite seasick. Poor baby! He does not do well on the water. And even in the water if he swims too long. Ocean motion is just not his thing. But it certainly is mine! The only thing that gets me out of the water is fear of sunburn, if I stay in it too long. (I do use powerful sunscreen and a protective swim-shirt, but the sunscreen eventually washes off.)
Tuition fees, workfare, and now discriminatory benefit changes – why does the government encourage intergenerational warfare? Most political books are dated even by publication, but the Malik/Howker Jilted Generation argument just gets stronger by the day. This is a country where the growing numbers of young people sleeping on streets attract little or no comment, and a modest tax on the allowances of better-off pensioners triggers front pages of confected outrage.
The only book on the world’s largest tribal court system and Navajo common law
the bottom half of my right leg starting to go numb because of the way I am sitting
How to Shop For Designer Watches That Cost Over ,000
What is currently on your I-Pod?
On top that, the glorious art direction literally seeps gaudiness, as every frame is saturated in a garish shellac that invigorates the eyes and threatens the bowels. The costumes, especially the ones worn by the female characters, induce seizures through their overt chromatic splendour. (The shade of green used for the nurse get-ups was quite pleasing.) And the plot involving a Lawrence Welk-style television station called Denton, where celebrities are made overnight, was eerily similar to today's instant stardom/reality television universe.
I used a small drill bit to place pilot holes, removed the paper, then hammered in all the nails.
Tonight, the four Republican candidates are here to tell us why they’re the most qualified to take on President Barack Obama. I’m Wolf Blitzer. We want to welcome our viewers in the United States and around the world. We also want to thank our co-sponsors, the Republican Party of Florida and the Hispanic Leadership Network.
Mom would always put out two or four of something. Dad would take one away to make three. The two of them would go back and forth with it, making each other crazy. At the same time, they were just trying to fulfill their own needs. My poor mother was finally outnumbered when my sister took after my father.
LaShawn – In 2012 my goal is to be Olympic champion. There is nothing else I think about. Every day in training I think about that, that’s what I do everything for. And when I get there that’s what I’ll be thinking about, just getting it done. When I win I will be among the greats and leave my legacy on the sport and it will be from all the hard work I’ve put in on the track.
I'm sure that the owner loves their dog. I'm sure they spoil it rotten and hate letting it out of their sight. It's most likely that when the owners returned to their car (which we didn't see because we left before they did) the dog welcomed them with open arms, so to speak, tail wagging and ears pinned back in absolute relief that its unconditional love was appreciated. I've been in town many times on hot days when I've seen dogs in cars, then seen the same car parked on a supermarket car park and the dog still in the car, barking and completely losing it. Is this really a fair way to treat the animals we adore?
Your disease made it so hard to keep up;
Either you'll find something solid to stand on
I don’t know why I’m unable to be completely honest with T. I know I should, since the only person I’m hurting by sticking with something that isn’t working anymore is myself. Terry said something in her comment to me that clicked with me: “as you continue to heal, your feelings will change, and maybe this is one area that really has”
Lesley x
I enjoy literature about Arthur and Merlin and Guinevere, so I have been enjoying this show about young Arthur and Merlin. It’s sort of like Smallville in a way, but better. We watch as King Uther tries to abolish sorcery and witchcraft from Camelot; we hear references to Avalon and meet Mordred; we get to see how Excalibur was forged and why Merlin had to get rid of it. If you’re a fan of the mythology then there is plenty to keep you watching.
But you know what? I don't really care. My life 95% an open book, and that 5% isn't posted here LOL (This IS a PG rated blog, and I AM a married woman! HA!)
I'm still getting over a cold. Bleck. I think I gave it to Rice. I'm SO sorry, buddy!
We want our Prime Minister to seek answers and try and unite us in facing up to some unpleasant realities.
my jeffrey.
Every year at Flats we have internships for people who want to know more about us and our neighbourhood. (If you don’t know much about the community we live in, click here) Saying that we do something every year implies consistency and sameness … and there is some of that for sure. But there is also a lot of different-ness and re-configuring that happens every year with our internships. In my three years, no two years have looked the same.
So you can imagine our surprise when that test result (the first pregnancy test I had ever taken) was positive. I thought, surely I did something wrong while taking it. In fact, Heath was in such a state of shock he sat on the bathroom floor for about 10 minutes staring blankly at the directions looking for some kind of error. However, after a couple of hours went by and it started to sink in, we were like little kids in a candy store overflowing with excitement!
Our nanny said, “I don’t know.” Our housekeeper started thinking of possible piggy bank caper scenarios. “Could it have been the workmen who came to fix the door? I left them alone downstairs for a few minutes.”
There’s a step beyond this, one that combines several of the principles we’ve discussed here already, but the best way to make sense of this further step involves a detour involving ancient Greece, modern California, and one of the more interesting figures in 20th-century occultism, the Austrian philosopher and mystic Rudolf Steiner.
ELIZABETH R.
I also liked the humorous interactions between Yuri and his “fiance,” Wolfram. Even how they got into this arrangement in the first place was hilarious! The comedy that ensured around Wolfram when he actually started to embrace his role as Yuri’s fiance hooked me. Wolfram sharing Yuri’s bed, sleeping in a pink nightgown, and scrubbing Yuri’s back would make me laugh out loud every time I saw it.
As one of Africa’s most prominent musicians, Rocky Dawuni continues to make a powerful mark both on and off the stage. His innovative and progressive fusion of Reggae, Afro Beat, and traditional African sounds has been featured on major network hits including Weeds, ER, and Dexter, to name a few. But what truly makes Rocky Dawuni one of the most important musicians of his time, is his use of music as a tool for social development. He is the founder of “Rocky Dawuni Independence Splash,” an annual music festival that takes place in his native Ghana, bringing together 30,000+ people each year to raise awareness about Africa’s water sanitation issues, the AIDS/HIV dilemma and youth development. Rocky is also a personality for Product (RED) led by U2’s front man Bono and Bobby Shriver, dedicated to The Global Fund’s initiativeson HIV/ AIDs in Africa.
I knelt, I knew – it was too bright to see – The welcome of a King who was my friend. The final sonnet centers on the hope for eternity beyond the grave where the "tranquil harbour shines and waits."
Free State Brewing Co. The Vortex Red
04 Living in the City
16. Fever
7. Party Tom Leveen
Serious. Yeah. That's the other thing: this is something that is being taken completely cold-dead serious. For as corny and dumb as Meteor is, not one moment of self-referential humor can be found of any kind. If this was made today, you can be sure that there would be stupid, goofy, overblown comedic scenes by the truckload.
"To achieve this the government should introduce policy guidelines to direct opportunities to the Post Bank as a bank of first choice of government and a primary platform for government and citizens' transaction," the paper states.
The first goal was to bring the deeply divided district in a deeply divided city together to focus on children. Even in the few truly diverse neighborhoods in the city, like ours in Grant Park, the district’s longstanding school choice program let more privileged parents off the hook from focusing on their neighborhood schools because they could transfer them and drive them to the more prestigious schools in more affluent neighborhoods. School choice wasn’t about educational options… it was about “the good schools” that I want for my child and “the bad schools” that are not good enough for my child, but are just fine for those other children.
He got out of the car, slammed shut the door and went up the walk. I sat there for a good twenty minutes in the dark.
So today it almost hit 90 degrees out (it still could...it's only 3:30pm) so I've got summer on the brain. It's hot out there! My kids are already begging to go to the neighborhood pool (that's not even open yet) so I figured I better start looking for a swimsuit suit or two now! I haven't purchased a new swimsuit in about 4 years (besides the one I bought 2 years ago and it was the wrong size and I forgot to send it back within 30 days so now I'm stuck with it). It's time for some new options. Here are a few I've been looking at:
The first 4 people who leave a comment below will get a collection of their choice. Be sure to include your email and which collection you would like.
My wife mentioned casually that one of my annoying traits is a tendency on my part to overuse the words ‘always’ and ‘never’.
From the beginning, the mystery of this most interesting man was kept intact. But now the story can be told. The following interview took place under less than clandestine conditions. As it was a telephone conversation I will have to take the man at his word when he tells me that his name is Jonathan Goldsmith and he does like beer... Dos Equis in particular.
Serving and former US Navy SEALs have slammed President Barack Obama for taking the credit for killing Osama bin Laden and accused him of using Special Forces operators as ‘ammunition’ for his re-election campaign.
Used milk to combine but you could add water if you prefer. My family loves this cookies so it will be regular on our dining table.
So when I got a call from someone who introduced himself as a reporter from the Sand Paper, I knew what he meant. He asked me some questions about my writing and my book and my upcoming visit at the LBI library. This was about a week before we left for the beach, and in the days leading up to it, I couldn’t find any article on the Sand Paper’s site that mentioned me, so I didn’t know if it had run. In fact, by the time we arrived on the island, I’d forgotten there was even the possibility of a story.
Another event I took part in at the recent London Cocktail Week was hosted by Maxxium Brands at the Soho based Zenna Bar. Patsy Christie was our host as she talked about the Russian vodka Stolichnaya and 4 of their flavoured offerings – vanilla, citrus, raspberry and the new apple flavour.
Next week I will have folders for the kids -- I was trying out some different
10.You lose your phone and you spend all day looking for it. You turned the ringer off too. To make it worse, when you find it, it is right in the happen or where you normally put it. Hey you know it has happened to you.
He showed me how to get up on the seat and how to pedal. He pushed the bike while I sat on it. It was almost like I was riding it by myself! I began to feel fairly confident that I was going to be the best bike-rider in the world.
Oh, before I go, does anyone out there know how to get the signature working in blogger after installing IE9? I can't get my signature (the pretty one with the butterflies and all) to work. ALL I get is a big red X. If you know how to get it back with IE9 installed, please e-mail me.....THANK YOU!!
59. The Blind Side (Sandra Bullock)
Those founding sisters came from different circumstances—three of them were in their late teens, some were raising families, and others were single. Then and now, as women of all ages, marital statuses, and cultures, we consecrate ourselves to the cause of Christ through our service."
caressing the soft pillow cases and sheets
It is often the result of lack of preparation and the inability to simply respond appropriately and naturally. The impact is that this salesperson will often lose control of the selling process because when the thinking begins, the salesperson stops listening to the prospect and begins listening to him/herself and misses completely what the prospect is saying.
*Panko is a type of flaky Japanese bread crumb that gives an extra-cruchy result. Appropriately enough, my mother-in-law, Simone, introduced me to Panko and it works a treat every time. It's found in the Asian section of most grocery stores and bares no resemblance to other commercially prepared breadcrumbs, which look and taste like sawdust.
Years ago, I used to make very intricate and complicated jewelry using glass seed beeds. Someday I'll find some photos to share with you. I didn't start out wanting to make jewelry or even thinking of having a business.
Learning is something that we as humans do constantly and as photographers even more so. To learn and then horde that knowledge is selfish and unfair for other photographers who could benefit from the knowledge that you posses. Are you ready to start this journey?
Great name, huh? I really like it.
I’ve been in a growing number of pubs recently where I’ve been charged over £3 for cask beers of ordinary strength, around 4% ABV. That included one occasion when the price was a ludicrous £3.01. After the duty rise in the Budget, the £3 pint will become much more common.
if I say to you “To you I say,” you have not been
Hands down, the best of that movie is when Zac is standing in his black boxer-briefs. If I could freeze any moment in that movie forever, that would probably be it. In fact, that might be the only part of the movie I’ll remember in a few weeks.
Have you enjoyed the fact that he doesn't have that annoying heartbeat under your ear when you rest your head on his chest?
6-Abandoned
** Word verification on blogs. WHY? WHY? WHY? What purpose does it serve? More work for us? To prove we can enter the secret code?
The FUSE IS ALREADY LIT (muthaf*ckas).
Oh, praise the Gods of Time and Chance
Oh, and I started a relationship, fell in love, and really started focusing on giving that sort of thing the time and attention necessary to work.( for like the first time in a looooong time)
<U+25CF> £293,603 from Cecil Humphery-Smith OBE between 2001 and 2007.
in the midst of these posts, i was was swept into my new job. my new schedule.
The opening pitches you right into the middle of the plot with no time wasted on backstory or build-up. Within a few minutes the viewer knows exactly what’s going on and what led up to it. A man has broken his leg out in the desert and his wife and her lover have decided to abandon him and let nature take its course. The unfortunate victim is one Don Carson (Robert Ryan), a hard drinking businessman with plenty of money but few friends. Carson has gone out to a remote part of the desert in the company of his faithless wife Gerry (Rhonda Fleming) and a mining engineer, Duncan (William Lundigan), to scout for manganese deposits. When an accident presents Gerry and Duncan with a heaven sent opportunity to rid themselves of Carson they grab it with both hands. All they need do is manipulate the evidence and cook up a story about Carson going off on an alcoholic bender to be home free. However, the scheming lovers underestimate their victim and his resourcefulness – Carson may have led a pampered life of privilege but he has a powerful will to live and an instinct for survival. The film twists and turns its way to the conclusion and, as it does so, the character of Carson moves smoothly from being initially an unsympathetic boor to a man the viewer can both admire and root for. The best scenes in the movie have Carson battling against the merciless desert, with nothing but his thoughts to keep him company. There’s also some clever cutting to point up the contrasting fortunes of the protagonists: while the hero grows desperate for water there’s a sudden jump to a shot of Duncan diving into a crystal clear pool; and when Carson finds himself on the verge of starvation the next scene has his wife delicately carving a roast back at the LA mansion.
Now going with enlightening insanity
Yvonne Osborne
The lower realms have just a door, and seem unguarded, this is just a guise. they are in fact revolving doors that lead us back to the same place of entry..no matter how many times we try to enter, until we reach a level of simple purity, then entry magically happens..In my early days of spiritual adventure I was denied access to these revolving door worlds time after time and I often wondered if I would ever make the journey..would I ever reach a state of purity that granted me access…This solitary act of rebuff is simply showing us that we need to purge our souls and purity ourselves a bit more..it keeps out the souls who are not yet ready or open to corruption..and yet no door is truly barred to all…as you begin to purify yourself in human form..these lower level realms dimensional doors will allow entry..but you have to show discipline, and determination and for the most part become more aligned to god. There is no set formula or criteria as such, anybody who is driven enough, and disciplined enough, through, compassion, love, humility and generosity, will if persistent not be denied entry..once one enters through their first door..you will never go back to being the old you..this spiritual adventure and journey that mankind is on will take you as far as you wish to go..if you are prepared and willing and determined never to give up hope and believe in reconciliation of the our soul with spirit.
Queen Kunti is extremely intimate with K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a and her appreciation is for the romantic side of K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a. This is clear from the messages she sends to K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a just slightly below the surface of all her words:
A few accessories act as sets possibly purses.
18 did
Investment and miscellaneous property debt (excluding property operational but including Carisbrook) carries debt of $33.869m. Here is a portfolio the DCC could do without. Investments like this are for organisations having a debt/equity ratio much much healthier than the DCC’s. Sold up, this portfolio could remove that debt and release the equity for further debt reduction. I recently did an exercise on this aspect and emailed it to Dave Cull copied to Paul Orders. Response? Zilch!
Your children will demand this of you. You will demand it of yourself.
The interior is spacious and full of light, the altar in the centre of the church is by Henry Moore and is a rather controversial addition. I really like it which is rather odd as I'm not usually an admirer of modern art. It's utter simplicity seems to fit beautifully into this particular interior though. The marble for the altar came from the quarry near Rome that was used by Michelangelo.
The band signed a deal with Napalm Records for a worldwide release and distribution.
11. Bitter Chocklate
Time is a funny thing, isn't it? When I have one hour and fifteen minutes to get out the door in the morning those minutes go by so fast that I can't believe it. Yet, when I am working some over stimulating shift at the Bucket where I feel all out of sorts with the hoards of hungry travelers who want only to get into the restaurant and not look at all our "stuff". One hour and fifteen minutes goes by like molasses in January. I can hear every second tick by. Tick Tock Tick Tock.
Once in a while, the time is just right – the perfect night, with just the right company, the perfect cocktail in hand and a perfect star-filled cloudless sky overhead, accompanied by a perfect breeze. The convergence of “perfect factors” is what makes Saturdays at Miss Favela in Williamsburg (yes, that’s Brooklyn.. take a deep breath) one of the most special experiences in our fair city.
I worked as Food Roots’ first intern last year, and it was an amazing experience. You can find the full description and application on the website or by clicking here. I highly encourage you to apply! I’m happy to help with any inquires about the position. Just email slowfooduo@gmail.com if you want some application help or more information.
Though tourism is not only fun but historic as well. Take a look at the tulsa oklahoma houses that was so close that only an acrobatic grab of a good arts education, few students attending Oklahoma City is fast becoming a destination for water-themed travel. With further developments likely to participate in a special grant program funded by the tulsa oklahoma cinemark that means fans can't expect to have passed through during this time in three weeks, the casino tulsa oklahoma with Texas No. 3 and Florida No. 4.
I wish that I could fly.
Therefore Adoni-Zedek king of Jerusalem sent to Hoham king of Hebron, Piram king of Jarmuth, Japhia king of Lachish, and Debir king of Eglon, saying, “Come up to me and help me, that we may attack Gibeon, for it has made peace with Joshua and with the children of Israel.”
The best bit about this process is that we have got a whole load of this "money" and we throw it from the car on the way to the temple----of course we will get arrested for littering.
The closure is due to rising rent prices for the prime Rice Village site that TwoRows has occupied for the past 14 years, and the owners being unable to sign an acceptable lease agreement. Currently, there are no plans to reopen or attempt to move to a new location.
+Free rubber stamps each month of your term
Worse, some studies indicate that there are as many as three qualified applicants for every job opening out there. If your talented worker can beat out the other two that means you are losing a very valuable part of your workforce.
It was strange, Alec was standing up for me. He was insulting me while he did it, but he was still backing me up.
and ends only with hearts torn and broken.
That is all for now - happy requesting everybody!
“I came over the wall.”
To demonstrate all of this, I would like to offer a definition of credit union business development: “The art of developing sustainable and meaningful relationships with local businesses, the credit union’s community, and existing and potential members with the goal of increasing the credit union’s viability and its visibility to local business and the community at large.”
In the meantime, here's a little photo essay for you...
Don't worry.
Morpheus Road is about a teen named Marshall Seaver and the amazing events that happen to him in one week. Ya, you heard me...one week. It all started with him and his dad getting into an argument and he breaks one of his mother's gifts. Then it begins, he gets haunted by a drawing that he drew himself which he named Gravedigger. All Marshall wanted was a happy summer, but his best friend Cooper gets into some trouble with the police and soon ends up missing. So Marshall goes looking for him and tries to figure out why he is being haunted. Altogether this makes a fantastic adventure with tense excitement and creates a strong curiosity within me to find out what comes next in the book!
Ring any bells? Maybe an old college or high school buddy? Past work associate?
I have my backup plans in place. You know - emailing yourself the file, saving multiple/progressive copies, printing copies at points throughout the month. Oh - and that reminds me, I need to have my husband ensure the printer is ready to go. Paper, ink, drivers!
I had to go to him. He didn't run fast or far. I caught up to him quickly and held his hand. He flopped on the floor. He did not want to walk. Which he expressed loudly. I called his name. He still didn't answer me. So I calmly finished the grocery order.
Rogues Farmstead pilot brewery sent some unfinished ESB that was all wort.
I think these radishes would make an ideal side dish for roasted chicken, but you could serve them with almost anything: fish, pork, probably even a fried egg.
With its gently rolling hills
I could feel the resistance radiating off of him. His word were clipped. His voice sounded...tight?
Oscar realized his wine glass was empty and grabbed the elbow of a passing waitress with two fingers and told her he needed an upgrade to a scotch straight up. "Don't worry, I don't drive except to drive other folks crazy." She nodded took the order and gave the smile you give when you aren't sure is someone is trying to be funny or not.
The second misrepresentation, according to Mr. Qaqa, was the reporting on the kidnappings of foreigners in the Northern part of Nigeria.
Moderator: This is a story of two mothers who bring their case before King Solomon. The King knew that on the date in question, in the middle of the night, two prostitutes slept peacefully, their newborns tucked in their arms. The two women aren’t named in the Bible, but we will call them Mona and Lena.
According to media reports, Madrid has signed a contract to play a game in Kuwait once the season ends. The game will take place on May 15, and they will probably face an all-star team from Kuwait.
Mothers are the difference in a world of Love. Happy Mother's Day!
FEB 22 — The older I get, the grumpier and more cynical I become; and as I grow more cynical by the day, nothing gets my goat more than having to watch and read about the developments in Malaysia where the lowest common denominator rules the day.
Published: April 24, 2012
Somewhere I along the way I
Soooooo here is the BEFORE of this adorable little love seat .
1 pruning
--Proverb
“Dear Lord, thank You for my family. I’m grateful for so many things, and one of those is for the family who loves me enough to want to meet me and want to be with me. Help me to trust You always. I might think I know what’s best for me, but I am not seeing what lies ahead the way You do. I want to submit to Your plans for me every day, in sunshine and shade.
Now, for comparison, I offer you one of my worst titles from the past. At the time I was convinced I was a genius, but now . . . .
What I found most interesting about that study was the seven groups that African Americans were broken down into:
My favorite function are; Nudge, Timestretch & copy/paste. In Pro Tools, the most used plugins are Filterbank, TC Master X5, Echo Farm, D-Verb & Fairchild 660.
Placements can also be a great way to build confidence. Going out into the world of industry can be scary and doing this with the help, support and structure of the university is an invaluable opportunity.
The menus at the Branded Chain Pub offer a multitude of options and variations.
1/2 cup of unsalted butter, melted (coconut oil, or regular oil will work as well)
If one disagrees with the proposition of a future plan for National Israel, that person is unfairly considered to be anti-Semitic.
contemplating completely shutting down, but I would miss hearing
Four years later and as many outposts, the craze has been eclipsed by other sweet imports like Grom. But when my friend Tanya wrote from San Francisco, “We’re eating our first Beard Papa cream puff,” I knew it was time to pay it another visit.
Tsubaki gets even more jealous when a classmate Ogata – a popular, athletic, handsome guy – asks out Urabe. Up until now no one else has uttered a word to Urabe, so it’s understandable Tsubaki is possessive. That, and since it’s not obvious or apparent that they’re a couple when in class. Urabe’s test for both Ogata and Tsubaki is another masterpiece of effective fanservice done right, and the fact that it just happened to be a windy day when Urabe decided to go commando was a little karmic justice for giving Tsubaki a sleepless night.
I see a little bit of grey material underneath the top layer of one of the boxes and give it a tug. Up it comes from the depths as though a lucky dip win. It is my daughter’s old coat, a little crumpled, very small. The label says age 2. Three buttons are aligned each side of its double-breasted front. On each the smiley face on a luminous sticker grins out. Already I have difficulty remembering where they came from. I think they were given out each time we went to a little toddlers' art group. Placed there perfunctorily by the kind lady who ran it, but well-loved by my daughter. Now I remember. A different time. A different place. I suddenly feel a keen sense of change; of loss. But of course we haven’t lost anything. Just time. I want to wrap my daughter up in her little coat and transport us back to those days, simply because we can never return.
sunday 19-July-2009
As a rule, the street brawls between radical right-wing groups and members of an anti-fascism movement known under the umbrella term “Antifa” rarely show up on police blotters, though both sides post videos of the melees on the internet, depending, of course, on who prevailed. Whereas Antifa activists largely stick to fists and boots, several of their cohorts in recent years have been killed in knife attacks.
Notable Info: Prequel of Lobo
Like to some branch of stars we see
1-800-4-A-CHILD
HAVANA (Reuters) – A red-tinged sea of Cubans marched through Havana’s Revolution Square on Tuesday in a May Day parade that affirmed the government’s intention of assuring a communist future for the Caribbean island.
On Eminem's "Recovery", Jon Caramanica offers another quality submission for his budding cachet as hip hop's GOAT journalist of the moment. (i extend the props to, one, note that GOAT debates in hip hop are somewhat silly, always of the moment, and, two, to point out that JC Manic's GOAT skills fall under an Obama-esque "The Bridge" rubric, which underscores that while others might be more pointedly pushing hip hop thought forward, the bridge is what allows everyone to get on the same island and build together. Hopefully with a more solid expansive foundation. It's why guys like Gladwell and Klosterman are celebrated as geniuses and then get backlash when everyone is on the island looking for somewhere new to go. There's two different types of pioneers at work here, both doing necessary-but-different work, but i digress...)
PS, In case you wondered, the cricket won. Easily.
So say a prayer, whistle a happy tune...whatever it is you do to offer encouragement that life will take us where we're suppose to be. Thanks!
Ultimately, the internet, television and social networking were tools to be used by the Tunisians who took to the streets. Internet revolutions are a work in progress that began in Belgrade. In 1998 Slobodan Milosevic, the president of Yugoslavia, banned the opposition radio station B-92. Its journalists used the internet and servers in Amsterdam to get their stories out. Two years later the Milosevic regime was brought down by a popular uprising.
I’m forever in pursuit and I don’t even know what I am chasing. – Harold M. Abrahams, Chariots of Fire
When we started this blog a few years ago, we did have a purpose- to share with each other a bit of our daily lives and offer support as only women and friends can give in the joys and in the hard times at work, at play or at home all day. I have decided to write with this in mind, but, to do so instead for one specific person, so in the end the focus is the same. I have a sister who I love very deeply- we don't live too far apart, but, far enough away that we do not see each other more than once a month and sometimes less. We don't get to talk as much as we used to, but, I think about her constantly. It is not that we do not try, but, as every woman knows, life gets in the way. When we do talk it is only moments at a time and sooner or later a distraction pops up and we are going off in our different directions again.
There are bloggers like Kimberly of Mom in the City who posts reviews and while she might not fit into an old school definition of mommyblogging, is one of the kindest, coolest, most authentic, honest writers I've had the privilege of meeting. I've sat on panels with her and she brings a thoughtfulness to the conversation that most of us could learn from. Any time anyone disses a product blogger I think, well - look at Kimberly. I love what she brings to blog comments anytime I catch her name beneath a post.
here is the link to the “Efficiency scaling” HF transformation into ULF/VLF/ELF via the ionosphere.
And a bit loopy from the steroids and cold medicine, apparently. Because I insisted on making a video in the car on the way to the concert.
What with all the excitement (trips to Brussels, wedding excitement yah-de-yah) I've not had time to blog about the normal goings on at the sewing machine. So here's a little update on smaller things I've made as gifts and for selling in the shops. Hopefully not too boring and same-y!
Pre-Internet, before Hampton the Hampster was even a small, hairless pink suckling thing, matters were rather different, and avenues for exposure naturally rather limited. There were very few short-cuts to fame available, and you simply had to slog your way around the unforgiving gig circuit in the hope the hard work would slowly pay off. Or... alternatively, you could marry a multi-millionaire at the head of an enormous business empire and ask him to promote your work. It's the stuff of lottery-win dreams, but this is actually what Dora Hall did. Leo Hulseman, founder of the Solo Cup plastic drink cup dispenser and picnic accessory company, turned his attention to the plastic known as vinyl and decided to give his wife's entertainment career a bit of a boost. That Dora was already middle-aged by the time the opportunity arose presented no obstacle to his master plan, and in fact he would continue in his loyal duty towards her even during her twilight years as a grandmother in her seventies.
Today, the wind continued to blow hard and James just managed to get a few necessary jobs done so that ‘Chance’ was ready to go out – including getting the wood on the back. The only casualty was a plastic dust pan blown overboard but with the help of the boat pole and running down the neighbouring pontoon we got it back.
To be perfectly honest, at $59 per person + drinks, I have never been there before as I think for a person who can only eat a maximum of 2 platefuls pretty much can’t get their monies worth. BUT, as soon as I started on the food, I wondered why hubby and I have never even tried it. There were tons of variety to choose from – seafood, peking duck, yum cha style (dumplings, siomai etc), sushi, sashimi – just to name a few! Oh plus tons of desserts (my weakness!)!!! I was in heaven!
Stier agreed. “The first lady wields a powerful pulpit whenever she speaks. She needs to be careful that her words are not misunderstood," he said.
According to one cable after the 2008 hurricanes, a colonel in the Interior Ministry’s Border Guard Troops asked the drug interdiction specialist whether the U.S. government was “planning an operation,” understood as asking whether Washington was concerned about a possible mass exodus by desperate hurricane victims.
She discusses how he loved to read–he read voraciously and his favorite book (read multiple times) was Robert Louis Stevenson’s The Wrecker, which I have never heard of. Galchen points out he amusing twist that his favorite book is a 500 pages “27-course Victorian feast,” whereas Borges himself never wrote a novel and most of his works were very short indeed–his Collected Fictions is 578 pages.
But you know, it was just another caffeinated waystation on the road to beer -- and by now, I needed a glass to tamp down all this jitter! Doors opened, I was in, and first in line, followed Big Daddy Steve down to the shop. Scan the taps...Session: Fermette Rouge. Try one? Sure! Spicy, hoppy, refreshing, dry finish -- let's do it. Growler in hand, I headed back to the Priory to get showered and dressed for my teaching gig.
The very first time that I met Patty I was inspired. Up until her, I had only ever met people who talked about the good they wanted to do in the world. . .when the kids were grown, when they retired, when they had enough money. I had a list of my own dreams for helping and an equally long list of “whens” that kept me stuck in my little rut. But Patty was the first “non-when” person I had ever met. She saw a problem and decided to make a difference. So, having lunch with her is like an infusion of validation in my life for exercising more fully a calling. She’s the cup of inspiration that comes with the salad.
Your face is a work of art.
The second problem was requiring all roads regardless of traffic , to be laid out at standard low maintenance high cpital costs standards. Which at then time he considered unnecessary
Mel asked us to dress up from the 80s and we had such a fun time putting our outfits together.
If you need help finding recipes or more suggestions:
paint dinning room & furniture
* The survivors built pyramids to heal and stabilize the Earth on its axis in the aftermath of this catastrophe;
I’m a pretty laid-back, bubbly person. It takes a lot to offend me. What offends me in even small doses, though, is people assuming that I’m worth less than they are. I see that a lot in my job. Being a security guard means being the person everyone can shit on. I’m an idiot and a rent-a-cop, but I’m the one trusted to stop people’s family and friends and check to see if they’re on a list, then hold them up to give them a pass if they are and call the resident if they aren’t. The residents don’t understand why I’m calling for their mom or their bff when it’s SO obvious I should just let that person in. The guests don’t understand why I have to give them a pass and check it every time they come in. All-around, people feel like my job is a waste of time. Of course I agree, and you bet your ass I’d never move into a gated community, but as long as someone is paranoid enough to want someone outside their house shaking down their friends and family, I get a pretty sweet, steady paycheck. The problem lies in the fact that everyone feels like their time is worth more than mine. If I were a man, this would result in shouting and name-calling. It still does occasionally, but I generally get the Sweetheart Treatment. “Oh hi, sweetie!” *Wave and smile while rolling up window and driving toward the closed gate without slowing down. Realize the gate is closed, slam on breaks, look back at me and point at the gate angrily.*
The Poltergeist
There is a representative in their Alabama county who is working to raise the age of consent to eighteen. Here is her website. Click Here! If you live in Alabama, especially the county that Jason Kidd lives in, you should give Becky Nordgren a phone call to support her bill.
It is that time of day
This operation might lead to some devices being suppressed from VxVM’s view
All in all quite a nice beer.
Paloma Efron– Paloma Custom Cakes - Cake decorating goddess. And damn fine baker, too.
What ends?
Early AAs often said
As I was reflecting on what love means to me I came across these passages this week in reading The Purpose Driven Life: The Bible uses the term heart to describe the bundle of desires, hopes, interests, ambitions, dreams, and affections you have. Your heart represents the source of all of your motivations-what you love to do and what you care about the most.
DUTIES: You will need to create one layout per month based on specific criteria which is always emailed in advance, you are required to comment on some users entries, I realise that we all have busy lives and it may be impossible to comment on 40+ entries each month, you are also required to vote for the previous months challenge entries and promote Kraft It Up on your blog and facebook page and anywhere else that is allowed.
He never said he couldn't do what he proposed. In fact, he got a state override of zoning that would allow a the buildout his firm calculated was necessary to deliver profits.
Driving experience, economy
A bunny is the bestest pet.
Subscribe to A Search Term or Tag:
Isn't summer great? My summer has been filled with a lot of painting and a lot of lunch dates with friends. Today began with a few hours of painting, then a 5 hour lunch with a long lost friend. Later this week I am joining some very special blogging buddies for lunch, two I have already had the pleasure of meeting and two I look forward to meeting.
The Fraser study picks 1987 as the date from which to make it's analysis. The Metropolis study goes back to 1970. Now, it's important to understand the relevance of a base year.
Are you a previous customer of Baker Buick GMC Cadillac? If so, you should have received a postcard with a complimentary $25* toward your next service appointment at our dealership! If you are a previous customer but did not receive this postcard, please give us a call today at (843) 725-7000 to make your appointment, and we’ll be sure to put the complimentary $25 off toward your next scheduled service. Make your appointments today; this special service offer expires May 31, 2012!
Native Arabic speakers have difficulty WITH: the P sound (which does not exist in Arabic), the American R (that one, I believe, periodically causes aneurysms for many non-native English speakers trying to learn the language. It’s a rrrreal killer), and the “th” sound, both voiced and unvoiced (which I actually don’t get, because those exact same sounds DO exist in Arabic: <U+062B> and <U+0630>; but hey, I sound like an idiot when I try to speak Arabic, so who am I to judge?). Anyway it’s great fun, because I learn a lot of Arabic, we both practice French, and I get to discover over and over how FIDDLY the English language is.
Should you encounter any problems, just give us a call and we will retreat any problem areas without additional charge.
Today she offered her advice to a few listeners, including if a bride make some physical changes to make her fiancé happy! Read the letters below and add any advice you may have!
rage first
Thread News – Not much stitching going on here. I’d lost my stitching mojo. I blame this partly on knitting and sewing, but mostly blame it on my eyes! I am in mourning over the loss of my wonderful, perfect eyesight. I find it deeply depressing that I can no longer see my needle work without the aid of glasses! However, I sat down Sunday evening to watch the Super Bowl and I pulled out my stitching. DH said Wow, you haven’t done that in a while! After only 30 minutes of stitching, I realized how much I LOVE to stitch and how much I have missed it! I do not love knitting this much! I think I have my mojo back!! Albeit I have to use the dang readers, but the desire is back. Knitting is something I can do on my lunch break at work. Hello stitching, I’m back!
Swimming Pool – this is another one I now want to see, but after reading the plot and the deliberately ambiguous ending to the film that is described I think this does not seem to have any indicators of BPD for either of the women (Sarah and Julie) in fact with the one possible interpretation at the end being that Sarah was alone and that Julie was not real is that it could be a film representing a condition such as dissociative identity disorder (DID).
The key thing here is for Governor Christie to remain vigilant. He’s going to pummelled for this by every Sierra Club Seminarian from Cape May to Hardwick Township. There will be dire predictions of environmental catastrophe if the 65 million dollars aren’t reallocated. That’s all to be expected. New Jersey is a blue state and many folks are simply too wedded to their tree-humping do-gooder narratives to understand why the governor is cutting the global warming fundage.
Felt only slightly better than yesterday. Feels like my legs forgot how to operate. Shin was ok, though. Hiking.
The fit little people in my family put in a superb effort!
If you can keep a secret, so can I.
it's a vicious cycle, people. I'm eating all my words, when i was a single onlooker to moms with picky eaters.
And of course the new release is now out – you can see them all here – and I wouldn't be at all surprised if one or two of them found their way into the winner’s basket :)
What do UK ‘thugs’ do? They usually fight each and maybe cause a tiny bit of criminal damage.
I recently came across an article in Time Business by Margaret Heffernan that shared the secrets of people who are very productive. I was a little surprised at a couple of the habits so I thought I would share them with you. According to the article it boils down to four things. 1 – These people have a life. The article suggests academic research keeps showing external commitments are highly correlated with high achievement. 2 – They take breaks. From what I understand when you get tired you can quickly become rigid and narrow-minded and a quick break may be all that is needed to get those creative, productive juices going again (more on that later). 3 – These people have often worked in different industries. While this makes sense to me I was surprised to see it on the list. Having a diverse background allows you to see different frameworks and approaches. We discussed this in the Diversity Enhances Productivity post from November 2011. 4 – The final attribute – these people have great outside collaborators and networks. What the article really suggests is productive people have very wide, rich resources to call on. The secret to productivity isn’t the latest tool or being better organized, it’s having a complete life.
b) At home, when I'm not crafting, I permanently have my head buried in a book (or my Kindle!).
So where are you in all this Oscar talk? Are you a fan every year, no matter what? Or do you only care if Batman or Harry Potter, or Spielberg gets a nod?
I am stamping a bit more than normal right now.
Hi everyone! Just want to give you a little advance notice about a cool blog hop I'm in this weekend. As a designer for the Card A Day Blog, I am participating in a hop celebrating World CardMaking Day which happens this year on October 1st. The hop includes 13 designers, and will run the whole weekend through midnight ET on Sunday night so you'll have plenty of time to check out all their blogs. There are lots of prizes involved both from the main blog as well as some of the designers' personal blogs. And we are having a challenge! You'll have to visit and play along to win!!
Fifteen miles from Matamoras is Saylorsburg, a sleepy rural Pocono community, where powerful Turkish pasha Fethullah Gulen has established a 45 acre mountain fortress. The fortress remains protected by 100 Turkish guards and a sentry post. Local residents have complained of automatic gunfire coming from the complex and of a low flying helicopter that surveys the area for would-be intruders.
"I went to Saint Mary's and I graduated in '62, too!"
For fans of automatics, the Jetta TDI is also available with Volkswagen’s excellent dual-clutch DSG transmission. It’s slick, easy to use and adds 1 mpg to the car’s highway rating.
On this mid-November night,
79. That little Shawnty's fire burning on the dance floor...
As I go along I find out why.
Sutter heads upstairs and knocks on the door of the room. Jonah Hex answers the door, holding a pistol in Sutter's face and we can see a saloon girl on the bed in the background. Sutter tells Hex that the Turner twins have murdered Sutter's cousin and the reward has been doubled. Hex allows the boy into the room and the saloon girl, April, helps the doc treat Avram's wounds.
7. God's Gift - Discipline
- Drawing blanks on the names of mums at the school gates who I have known as acquaintances for five years - or their kids' names WTF?
Holy shit … I wouldn't look out of place in a Mid-West strip mall, shopping for cheese in a spray can. Not being one for mirrors and only having a top view of the corpulent crisis going on in my midriff I had been only vaguely aware of the effects of rampant inflation … until this weekend.
Market Liquidity: Call of the wild.
Cook rice and beans separately according to directions. In a large skillet saute onion, garlic, chili powder, and cumin. Add rice and stir to coat. Add salt to taste. Add beans, corn, and tomatoes, if desire, and stir. Cook over low heat until warm through, but not burnt on bottom. Garnish with cilantro. Serve with sour cream, salsa, and cheese.
The French mostly eat ducks. People think it’s is frogs legs and snails. Only tourists eat frogs legs and snails in France, the French laugh at you doing it. It’s a little known fact but I am confident that if the French were told they were no longer allowed to eat Ducks, or bits of Geese and Ducks, they would go into catatonic shock.
3. Skill and Fitness surpass a hefty bank account any day. Even if you can afford a couple gun safety classes, CPR class, & a few survival classes will beat a clueless rich guy with more guns then you can imagine. You also could hit the gym for a little bit, but what is more important is knowing your town/city like the back of your hand. All you should do is walk, run, or even hike in the nearby woods, this will let you know where to run, scavenge, & loot.
And to spice it up a little bit, we are offering two terrific deals to help fertilize your lawn.
Sitting at Subway enjoying a rare good day with MG, my phone beeped notifying me I'd received a new email (yes, in addition to twittering my life away I'm an email freak). When I read the email I immediately called Mandi and scheduled a meeting at 4:00 for her to come pick up the bag. In less than 24 hours the socks were on their way to a new and more purposeful life.
made from old flour-cloth, chenille, sheeps wool beard.
every day and I give it not a second thought.
is it to
Copy editor: Katie Schwing
3:00pm: cocktail count 7
Mmmmmm.... it's finally starting to feel like Fall around here!
“The only moment where a Judge can express his opinion is during the deliberations or in the courtroom, and, pursuant to the Rules, when there are no serious deliberations, the only place left for me is the courtroom. I won’t get — because I think we have been sitting for too long but for me I have my dissenting opinion and I disagree with the findings and conclusions of the other Judges, because for me under any mode of liability, under any accepted standard of proof, the guilt of the accused from the evidence provided in this trial is not proved beyond reasonable doubt by the Prosecution. And my only worry is that the whole system is not consistent with all the principles we know and love, and the system is not consistent with all the values of international criminal justice, and I’m afraid the whole system is under grave danger of just losing all
I think I'm in love. This cocktail is a series of delicious contradictions - it's herbal but bright, sweet yet complicated. It's not quite like anything I've ever made before - and yet I can't stop drinking it. I think I'll make one to enjoy, while barefoot, in my little garden. Which might put me pretty close to perfect happiness.
i really enjoyed looking through Jen Davis' portfolio and her self-portrait series. there are so many images that i enjoyed (though, at 44 photos, it could be edited down and focused a bit more for the web--that said, i think the breadth helped me understand the project more fully). the project does include several photos that directly address body image and self-esteem, which was at first a turnoff for me--i'd like to see one that doesn't some day--but they are also honest and fit in well with the overall piece.
40. Theodore Boone, Kid Lawyer John Grisham
The current guideline for allergy prevention (as of March 2009) recommends vaccinations according to STIKO recommendations for children and adolescents with and without allergy risk.
they’re going to hurt you,
Du Monde
* Purchase either of the other Dulcie O'Neil books (To Kill A Warlock or A Tale of Two Goblins) and get extra points! (+5 points per book--simply send me an email to hpmalloryauthor at yahoo dot com and tell me what the first sentence of chapter twelve is in either Warlock or Goblins to verify that you purchased it. Please don't leave the first sentence in the blog post--just mention that you purchased the book and email me separately!)
When the challenge closes on July 31, 2011, we will pick 10 Ginger Gems - fabulous creations that we feel really exemplify that challenge's objective. The Ginger Gems will appear in our wrap-up post and in a slide show in the blog bar for an entire week and their creators will have the honor of displaying our Ginger Gems blog badge.
Plotting workshop on Friday, guys! See you then.
They will never see the life in your hands and you can never expect them to understand."
build roads. When they had served their sentence – or most of their sentence –
I've been feeling at sixes and sevens lately. Being between houses is really disconcerting - something like waiting for a bus that won't be coming for hours. You can't leave the bus-stop because you know it will eventually come, but it's confining in the shelter and your vision is limited. You're also preoccupied with all the things you have to do once you get on that bus. Such is my life at the moment.
It doesn’t take much these days for me to close my eyes and put my hand on my chest and shudder. It’s an instant rush of nausea, a clenching of my heart, a lightening fast journey my brain travels between an external event and the internal implications of its possibility in my own life.
Spilled semen, whether by masturbation, anal penetration, or homosexuality, was not to be tolerated.
of your whispers to my heart.
The Website Builder is a template driven Website Designs Australia and this enables non-technical users to create a website easily and professionally. The template driven web design from content makes it possible to edit content without affecting the design or format of your website. One can keep the website content up to date without needing to have special knowledge about HTML or other Web technologies.
10 - Fall Of The Peacemakers 08:08
That just about covers this review! Take some time to read through all these articles and watch some videos today to review all these ideas about free motion quilting.
Food for Lower Cholesterol
So it’s Valentine’s Day, and whether or not you have someone to celebrate with, you can help me celebrate my one year anniversary with one of my clients, Kasie West (isn’t Kasie hot?? But check her out and then make sure you come back because I have a lot more to say).
Sometimes, even on our own., playing games is fun;
In this statement, there is a big implication as to the proper use of lunar energy. If you have a condition in your life – perhaps a health, career, or financial condition, or even a stagnant relationship in which the two people have become bored with one another or have started taking the other for granted (this is a very common thing, you see) – these conditions need to be changed. To move a relationship from being stagnant to being active again means that you have focused your thought power on making the relationship no longer stagnant. You have put your time and effort into doing so. To enhance this power, which is magical and thought power, you can draw down the energy of the Moon.
The idea of ' shopping' is sort of old fashioned anyway. We're always shopping, even when we're at work.
1/8 tsp ground cardamom
Also, I will only be able to make a few more books with a guaranteed Christmas delivery. I would love for you all to get the first chance to purchase one so if you are interested in buying a Busy Book send me an email and I can put up a special listing just for you.
The women who had come from Galilee with him followed behind, and when they had seen the tomb and the way in which his body was laid in it, they returned and prepared spices and perfumed oils.
From NetGalley
and it will bring you to sorrow, my pretty princess.”
Four of the most successful performers in gospel music history, Kirk Franklin, Marvin Sapp, Donnie McClurkin and Israel Houghton, announce today that they will share the same stage for the very first time when they embark on The King's Men concert tour this fall. The historic U.S. tour will hit major venues in 15 U.S. cities beginning on Sunday, September 16th at Comerica Theatre in Phoenix, AZ, and culminating in Brooklyn, NY at Barclays Center on Sunday, October 14th.
This will be the second international experience for Fleischmann. Over the 2012 winter term, he traveled to Costa Rica to conduct research at the Cloudbridge Nature Reserve with WKU Biology Professor Keith Philips, as well as another Gatton Academy student and a Gatton Academy alumnus to investigate the Gunnera-Nostoc Symbiosis. Students identified populations of Gunnera on the reserve, harvested samples and dissected portions to determine if bacterial symbionts were present. He has also been involved with research under the direction of Dr. Ouida Meier of the Department of Biology investigating local wastewater as a source for cave and karst and groundwater pollution.
There are camps geared to children with specific health concerns, and if the staff is trained to handle any health emergency, the parents should feel confident in making arrangements for the child to attend.
“Authorities claim that the alleged victims received £1-2 to be tested with what they thought was a conventional flu vaccine but, according to investigators, was actually an anti bird-flu drug. The director of a Grudziadz homeless centre, Mieczyslaw Waclawski, told a Polish newspaper that last year, 21 people from his centre died, a figure well above the average of about eight.”
As we had our drinks we enjoyed the salsa and standards music selection in the nearly completely dark room. Manifesto certainly has a unique look and feel to its bar area. I can’t think of anyplace in KC anything like it. As mentioned before it was quite private where we were sitting even though there were about 10 other patrons in the bar. Plus it definitely had an adult vibe, not the kind of place younger people go to try to slam as much alcohol into their system as they possibly can in the shortest amount of time possible. Those people have the Power and Light district. Manifesto is for people who want to enjoy a well crafted drink and pay attention to their companion. The drinks were sufficiently strong to ensure that some extra attention is paid to your companion once you get home or a dark street with some parking.
Kaede is now registered to attend school in Belleville, a nice private school where she will finish up her high school credits. Her computer is set up and by now she's BBMing her friends on her new Blackberry. Joy will have visited Costco or Walmart to stock up on all of the gifts she's meant to bring back to family and friends.
3 c. long grain rice (this is the best rice to use, not too hard, not too mushy, perfect)
Clothes: Still maternity.
—Christine Wells, author of The Dangerous Duke
How do they do this? It is amazing what switching from 2% to skim milk and using sugar-free syrups can do to a nutrition label. All of a sudden, your 2pm excuse to get out of the office has you feeling a whole lot more virtuous.
India
Elizabeth was childless and had taken her nephew, Peter, also a German, as her heir. For his consort, she chose another German related to Peter’s House of Holstein – little Sophia. As a young teenager, the princess was summoned to St. Petersburg.
A Budget response from a cooking lager enthusiast.
How much would you be prepared to pay for a book full of dangerous doodles?
This Course covers thirty hrs of courses, required by the Occupational Health and Safety Act (OSHA) that apply toward 30-hour Construction Industry course completion card. This module is comprised of 24 sections, each either one or two hours in length, and covering topics pertaining to regulations covered by Standard 29 CFR 1926. The successful completion of this course will help to meet the Construction Industry standards established by OSHA.
What’s worse is that Ray-Ray types stay emboldened by some perverse sense of respect that they claim to be protecting when terrorizing folks’ communities and daring the neighbors to speak up about it. But when the damage is done and the dust settles, where is Ray-Ray?
I'm looking forward to making some rhubarb/apple crumble today, and I've spied some elder trees in flower today. I think they're on the rear path. I'm going to have to check and see where they are, and check the smell to see if they're worth harvesting. I've got a few bottles I can use to bottle up some cordial.
I could not hold back anymore and I had to get this out and onto a page.
Hair Accessory: Coral orange flower clip from Accessorize
I love not being sick. One of life's simple pleasure's. Felt so good today I went on a walk with the kids. Feeche and Cub jogged and every 40 yards or so Feeche had Cub do sit ups, challenge push-ups (3:1), jumping jacks etc. The folks going home on our road had a good laugh at our expense. We are always happy to provide amusement for others. It's what we do.
People thought of me as arrogant and often told me so in high-school, but honestly I never knew what my problem was, and it has taken me a lifetime to even recover a little social perspective, and what I should do about my social problems. I don’t feel any hostility toward these people who never gave me any support; it was my own personal misbehavior which was driving it away. I have decades long friends who have similar problems.
how firmly some of our neighbors - even moderately well-educated ones - now cling to aphorisms, assertions and just-so stories in order to clutch a politically motivated view - or mis-view - of scientific data. Misinformation persists – and propagates – about the dangers of vaccinations, the hazards of nuclear energy, the credibility of creation vs. evolution, and the preponderance of data supporting global warming. In case after politically-redolent case, we find that evidence has a limited power to persuade on hot button issues where deep emotions are involved.
We made our way through the corn fields (won't be long till we see corn at the farmers markets!) and found a spot with a clear view of the horizon, and set up and waited.
Unbelievably he actually won. The last duel with the surviving German was epic, and the game mutates all the time when planes start going down. Below you can see a ton of pics of the game, in chronological order from deployment to the last duel.
The other day, I received a booklet that had a list of 15 celebrates (actors, news reporters, politicians, etc.) and each had selected six books that they'd read that they considered the best books ever written. That made 110 ---some listed 7 books. Oh boy, I thought, let me see how many of these I have read. I check them off. There were 43 that I had read. I won't list them all, but on the list were Winston Churchill's War Memories, Homer's Illiad and Odyssey, Chaucer's Canterbury Tales, War and Peace, For Whom the Bell Tolls, Moby Dick, House of Seven Gables, The Poems of Elizabeth Barret Browning, The Poems of Emily Dickenson, The Poems of Robert Frost, The Plays of William Shakespeare, The Grapes of Wrath, Gone with the Wind, Quo Vadis, The Short Stories of Edgar Allen Poe-------you get the idea.
Mom: I don’t even understand what S/M is. What is S/M?
Being skeptical sorts here at NAC, we've looked past the performance of the attending mayors and focused instead on the current state of temporary/temporary 1Si "leadership" in the absence of permanent/temporary top-salary-garnering:
So a week or so ago I received an email from a girl name Christine, clicked on it and started putting two and two together...HOLY SHIT it's Christine from UNIF! She said she loved my blog and would love to send me another pair of Hellbounds! I felt like a 12 yrs old girl who just got an iPad for Christmas from her extremely rich parents. I truly respect what she does with the UNIF brand so I was extremely thankful! I think my every other sentence was thank you so much. So again thank you soooo much Christine for the shoes boo, mwah!
I thought “Fast Five” was a lot of fun and my favorite in the series. Too bad Jason Statham couldn’t join. Since they’re going more toward the heist movie, let’s have an all out car chase in this one. One that raises the bar.
1 From the PGMT Statement of Accounts, for year ending 30th June 2007
True love or not, the game must play out, and the fates of everyone involved, from the cast of extraordinary circus per¬formers to the patrons, hang in the balance, suspended as precariously as the daring acrobats overhead.
I try to make sure that I get cards I make mailed on time so I decided to share my little system with you all. I've already posted pictures of my MAIL BASKET which has 12 dividers for every month of the year. Each divider shows everyone's Birthday or special holiday for that month. This way if I make cards in advance I can just plop them in my basket wherever they go and they don't get lost!
Spike Lee your films speak to me. But now I wanna speak back I would like some updates and look forward to your feedback.
I sub-
Here are three tips for knowing if you're idea is a keeper.
My husband would not watch this episode if they didn't save the girl. I kept expecting someone to walk in and think they were attacking her. Phew that they just saved her, after poor Dean getting kicked in the face a few times. I thought the actress probably had a lot of fun with that scene, but I might have been projecting.
SH: But there was a big strawberry in the middle, so I didn't eat that much after all.
There are no side effects to Kegel exercises.
This half-hour Chevrolet / General Motors sponsored “infomercial” (the Jam Handy Organization, 1958) is a great little overview of the range of American industrial design from the late 1950s. Watching it makes you wonder what exactly happened to the exuberance, optimism and trust in design that was so universally shared that a major American manufacturer would sponsor the short Technicolor film and play it in movie theaters across the country.
7. Jacksonville Jaguars WR Robert Blackmon (Ok.St.) Quick name the two starting receivers for the Jags. If your lucky you might remember the name Mike Thomas. But if you didn’t Blaine Gabbert wants you to remember his new favorite target for next year. Creating some excitement in Jacksonville is what they need since the last 5 years they were one team that was always speculated to move to LA.
Lucky you.
Fluffles is shaded with a pale gray pencil, but it's hard to see it in the photo. His eyes are dotted with a black gel pen. When I was ready to add my embellishments, I remembered the Doodlebug Sugar Coated CS I had in my stash...it matches the DP perfectly! I used an MFT die to cut the stars.
He published a slender collection of poems called Arguments with Gravity in 1996, followed two years later by Hard Light. 1998 also saw the publication of a collection of short stories, Flesh and Blood, and Crummey’s nomination for the Journey Prize.
It’s sad but true!
in that instant, i imagined my dogs, trapped in the bed of the truck (which has a cab over it) crushed beneath a tree. i went into our friends tent and sat there sobbing, while the wind whipped around us, bending and flexing the metal poles to its will. joel went and moved the car, and assured me that the dogs were ok.
was writing that song, it took on a certain flavour. Quite empty,
Punggol Point Walk (1.2km)
13Then you may be certain that the Lord your God will not go on driving these nations out from before you; but they will become a danger and a cause of sin to you, a whip for your sides and thorns in your eyes, till you are cut off from this good land which the Lord your God has given you.
+Participate: The way forward for marketers is to design marketing that adds value to people’s lives and embrace participation
That's right folks,
If it wasn't for Snack, I would have just turned around and left. But I couldn't just abandon him like a puppy on the side of the highway so I stayed.
Hehe...
More reliable accounts maintain that Leo was taken prisoner by the Normans after the battle, and that he was held at Benevento for nine months, making his stay in Sessa impossible, unless he fled there before being captured. Sessa Aurunca is perhaps half the way to Rome from Civitate, and it seems unlikely that a successful flight that far would go unmentioned even in the briefest accounts of the battle and its aftermath. (I suppose it's helpful to remember that in hagiography, truth is often metaphorical rather than literal.)
Cute. But it left me wondering – who are they trying to starve out? The greedy aggregators, or consumers, or both? And how will consumers of NewsCorp’s media products react when they are shut out?
It was great meeting Mike and I think the shop's great. Why not a skate/flower/dry goods shop? Why not take a space that actually HAS been underutilized, despite what it had been, and make it something entirely new in context while working within the existing space. Re-purposing at it's finest in my opinion.
3 Factors to Consider Before Getting Any Ice O Matic Ice Machine
Safe and Effective African Mango plays a role in the metabolism of glucose, and is necessary for energy production. It helps to even out blood sugar levels and can be positive both for people with diabetes and hypoglycemia. It is also critical to the synthesis of cholesterol, fats, and proteins.
No Black Crowes, but Dolly Parton and REM. Weird.
The Lady or the Tiger: The Evolution of the Hublot Clef du Temps: "Now the Clef du Temps was a sort of act of horological subversiveness. Basically, you could make the watch run at either half or double speed, depending on whether you wanted to feel like time was running slowly or quickly (depending on, say, whether you were spending time with a sumptuously compelling member of the opposite sex, or going through an IRS audit.)"
Here is Joey Ramone with a great tune I have been blasting all week, sure to put a smile on your face. And the equally infections Dahlmanns tribute.
So while I've been resting, I've gotten to indulge myself in some guilty pleasures. I've been watching "The Tudors" on Netflix on my daughter's iPad. I had only ever found time to watch the first season. I'm now on Season 4!!!! I'm loving it!!! The other two movies DH and I just watched back-to-back was the Swedish version of "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" and "The Girl Who Played with Fire." My neighbor lent them to us and they were amazing!!! I haven't read the books, so we had no idea what to expect. I've heard critics say the new Hollywood version is not as good and we haven't seen that, but I can see why. It was just unbelievable. If you like action/suspense/mystery type movies, this is for you! Of course, DH didn't mind watching a movie with English subtitles, as being a hearing-impaired person (not that he will admit), he doesn't miss a single part of the dialogue. When we were starting to date, I got him hooked on watching foreign movies with subtitles. Usually the story lines are better than Hollywood ones and you don't mind reading the bottom of the screen. I will admit "Like Water for Chocolate" is one of my favorite movies with subtitles. It's so romantic and extreme.
Not!!
I blog about anything and everything-- my life, shopping, recipes, reality TV, books, relationships, aa new product I'm loving, family, teaching, and whatever else is relevant at the moment!
My help comes from the Lord,
In Hendrix’s answer lies the Imago ethos: if your unconscious mind has already “done a selection”, as he puts it, then the raw components of a great relationship are already there. It’s then up to each spouse to work towards ceasing negativity, and increasing empathy – preferably through couples dialogue.
While summer may be leaving, the best thing about it is that I'm in Australia, where winter is hardly even winter... at least compared to Wisconsin.
They climb our shrubs, invade our cellar
Oh Father - could you help her to see Your heart - and by extension to know that there is no hatred here?
Or at least that's one way of looking at the world, or perhaps just the human world.
This is very upsetting.
- Oak Hill, CA
Some of the biscuits I have marked to try are: Sweetie Biscuits, Chocolate Bourbons, Coconut Cherry Macaroons, Chocolate Flapjack Biscuits, Pear and Ginger Fairings, Mini Christmas Puddings, Boozy White Chocolate and Cranberry Cookies and Healthy Monkeys.
"The War Wagon" - 1967
To Enter:All you need to do is visit The Wedding Outlet and find the accessory that you believe completes this inspiration board. Leave a comment right here with a link to the accessory you would choose along with a valid e-mail address so we can reach you if you win. Deadline is September 21 at midnight CST. The lucky winner will be announced on September 22. Good luck!
~ Craft and sewing goods for moments of wild creative abandon
they quite close, been in love with each other in a closet…only some of their friend knew bout it..everything is same till brother of one the girl back home..its not really brother…i guess..someone close to her family..relative…n he fall in love with her relative friend..then, actually, there are some event o situation that lead to a married for one of them..this, u should watch it by ur own..
This sounds like saying not to fly Old Glory in Tennessee in case it offends Southerners
One would like to think that old pros like McCain and Pataki would try to carve out a niche as responsible centrists who could unite the increasingly-radicalized conservative base with the center electorate. If not them, then who? But alarmingly enough (they know things I don't), the Republican national leadership appears to be making the exact opposite calculation.
How he died is heart-breakingly tragic. My dogs and he seemed to have picked up some fleas from a stray dog that was coming to the house. A man doing some painting work for us, Antonio, said he had the ideal liquid to treat them all....I hesitated about Mr Puss getting it but he said he had given it to his own cat so it would be fine. I held a squiggling Mr Puss while Antonio put the liquid on him. He leapt out of my arms into the undergrowth when all was finished. That was the last time I touched him.
William and Cheryl danced a jive to "We're Not Gonna Take It Anymore." He was totally unfamiliar with American music and had never heard of heavy metal. Cheryl taught him the moves, but this wasn't his best dance. His Latin roots came through last week during the salsa, and he's always good to look at. The judges agreed. Score - 22.
Police Captain Thulani Zwane said the man was outside the sports club when four armed men approached him.
of a twig under a boot. Trap
and so your soul
We are also having some surprises and giveaways for all the attendees!
I’ve been doing some arty crafty things for a while (making beaded jewellery, doing some wire sculpture and the occasional watercolor) but I’ve been out of the habit a bit.
Holy shit! It can’t be. It bloody hell just can NOT be!!
At least we know now and can move forward trusting that our paperwork will be accepted.
82. Drinking Problem -- Rehab
1. Type the start bold tag, then italicized start tag.
Although this act is seemingly childish and just whimsical, actually it sounds suggestive and I feel something unfulfilled in the mind. Yet the positive result of this act gives readers a bright hint.
I am sitting at my desk at work, and literally just started to cry enough that I had to excuse myself.
1/2 lb. shrimp (or any white fish)
This marvellous Victorian promotional handbill (flyer) from London addresses the discerning working man in need of new clothing. Written in a presumably authentic slang current at the time, it has an immediacy and humour that defies its age, even though much of it is completely mystifying to the modern reader.
Envelope: no.
Hey Strangers!! Still no new computer, so I'm back with a super quick post. Miss E's laptop has a mind of its own, and makes it very frustrating to write on. The cursor jumps around while you type. Argh!!
The room Ian had booked was a small and modest venue compared to his flamboyant past enterprises like AV, see: http://hpanwo.blogspot.co.uk/2009/11/alternative-view-3-part-1.html. The room he’d hired was behind a small entrance leading off from the kitchen that looked like the door to a broom cupboard. Ustane and I were the first to arrive and we were surprised to see nobody at the desk by the door. Then we looked around to see Ian setting up the DVD stall. His short and compact frame moved energetically between a pile of cardboard boxes and the trestle table. We soon learned that the Shift 2 tour was entirely a one-man operation. Ian transports everything in his van, he sets it all up and puts it all away afterwards entirely by himself. This is hard work for him, but it keeps the ticket price down. In the neighbouring suite to our event was a much more lavish conference hosted by some charity or other. It was held in a large auditorium with a big stage display, a neat reception desk, a tea and coffee bar and all the trimmings, a bit like AV. Sure, it would have been a lot more comfortable if Ian had laid on such luxuries, but then it would have cost an awful lot more; it’s a simple equation. Shift 2 is very good value, when you consider it was seven hours long, almost as long as a live David Icke show. This is a format that I’ve not seen from Ian before. I’ve attended numerous events in which he does a one or two hour lecture, but never before an all-day workshop.
Do y'all ever wear the same thing for brunch that you'd wear to happy hour?
2.Chop 6 garlic cloves. Heat 1 teaspoon oil over medium heat in a large saute pan or skillet. Add garlic and 1/2 teaspoon salt, and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute (do not let brown). Raise heat to medium-high, and add 1/2 cup water. Add two-thirds of the kale; cover, and cook until wilted, about 1 minute. Add remaining kale. Cover, and cook 2 minutes. Stir in escarole, and add a little more water if pan is dry. Cover, and cook ntil greens are wilted and tender, about 4 minutes. Remove lid, and cook, stirring frequently, until liquid
So anyway, that is what happened. I now sport a bump on my head, the size of Texas.
All I know is the timing is terrible and shocking that a company that is owed just over 10% of the total debt has managed to get us in administration.
who moved across the waters,
You make me sing like a guitar hummin'
Services are alleged to be private. In lieu of flowers, the family requests that mourners make a donation to their favorite super PAC.
His Hindu friend agrees to swap places with him. But a few minutes later the same scene reoccurs. There is a knock on the door. "What's wrong?" the farmer asks. The Hindu holy man replies, "I, too, am grateful for your helping us out, but there is a cow in the barn. In my country cows are considered sacred and I can't sleep on holy ground!"
They probably seem like they'd be really complicated, but they're not actually that hard to make at home, especially if you follow this recipe from expert-at-everything Alton Brown. We've made several batches, and have had stellar results every time. Do yourself a huge favor and try them this weekend! And sorry they're aren't any pictures of a huge pile of sugary doughnuts; they never seem to stick around long enough to be photographed!
Synonyms for Huge
Genres : Thriller
Life is, as I mentioned above, seriously messy. But at least some of the mess is delicious. The rest...I'll tell you about it when that groundhog heads back under into his hole like the rest of us.
Ultimately it’s about timely communication and raising issues as they happen to address them. Otherwise, how can the photographer or the client understand how events can impact on the shoot time and affect the original estimate?
To learn to notice when the beginnings of that resistance are being felt, to learn to let that sense of resistance go….to practice noticing and remembering that…over and over again…practicing, practicing, practicing….to keep reminding ourselves of that dynamic.
7-Have my health and well being full center. (Looks like: Go back into my boxing training and go to my capoiera classes every week . Stick to it. Get all my check-ups, find my dentist, eat healthy and drink lots of water daily.)
I can’t predict the future
We've also added a load more photos into the photo section. Surprisingly! Some from rehearsals and early LoveTel recording sessions at Airplay studios and plenty more from our live run-ins at the Half Moon in Putney, West London.
This weekend I had Christmas on the brain, as I started going over my holiday decorations ... and came upon some rusty tin tree toppers, that I'd bought about 5 years ago. When I first started decorative painting in 2000, I went berserk buying all the latest paints, brushes ... and surfaces. I can't tell you how many surfaces that I still have - that at the time I felt was "too good to mess up" with my beginner painting skills.
I was in charge of the script and the filming so I didn't actually appear in the video. well I did, but I wasn't supposed to.
I understand that this is not a particularly inspired list, but these are movies that I can watch repeatedly (and do watch repeatedly), and that I continue to enjoy - they age well over time.
'One of the most well-known stories about St Jude begins in Edessa, the capital of a small kingdom in the area of what is now Urfa in Southern Turkey. The king of Edessa, Agbar V 'The Black', had contracted leprosy and, having heard of Jesus's miracles, wrote to ask Jesus to come and heal him. Eusebius quotes the letter as well as Jesus's alleged reply: Agbar, Ruler of the city of Edessa, to Jesus the Saviour, the good physician, who has appeared in Jerusalem, Greetings -
Oil mini muffin tins well. Put a pinch grated cheese into each muffin cup, a teaspoon of zucchini mixture, and pinch of chopped fresh basil. Pour 1 tablespoon of the batter into each muffin cup.
But what’s wrong with that? A fully formed movement is not going to spring from the ground. It has to be created. And who can say what exactly needs to be done? We are not talking about ousting a dictator; though some say we want to oust the dictatorship of capital.
your servant
The topic of leadership has been and continues to be one of the most vital topics in human history.
I am a little confused, why you would like to hear my political views, if you think I am confused.
It is obvious to all that Romney believes that government’s primary economic role is to protect and serve the rich folk and the poor folk should not depend on a socialist form of government to protect them. Tell me, why wasn’t the Wall Street bail out considered an example of socialism at work?
I have had well over 100 different prophetic dreams in the last few years that were telling me this was going to happen.
“Hello Mr. Dameron” Engineering says as I open the door. Does everyone in this hotel know my name?
There were about 20 ‘maybes’ that we then had to re-read and some of these made it onto the Yes list, some different, so we ended up with 30 stories. But it’s also down to taste and we tried to be as objective as we could be in our selection which is why several readers works well and then the final selection will be read by our final judges and shared until we find a winner, runner up and what stories will make it into the anthology. Then we also think about how they fit together as a collection as well, but the whole time looking for something strong, well-written and that gripped us.
My worst fears unrealized, the surgery went without a hitch. I was practically giddy and on my way to see Dr. Seymour. Three weeks had passed since the surgery and after the initial follow-ups at the University, the doctors there wanted me to continue on with Dr. Seymour. I hadn’t seen him since before the operation and couldn’t wait for him to see how wonderful my new eyes were.
Considering this explanation, I am very pleased to receive this award. Thank you bipolarmuse, for thinking of me as fearless, awkward, embarrassing, intimate, and honest. The humor comes and goes, but I am glad you can chicken pick it out when my garbage filter is absent and has been sent to the cleaners. Seriously, it feels good to be recognized as someone who is honest and doesn’t hold anything back. I try not to, as I believe my life experiences are a large part of who I am today, which I do not mind saying, is a pretty strong and amazing woman! What a victory for me to be able to admit that publicly and believe it! If you really want to see how it is done, go to bipolarmuse and read some of her poetry—some of the most moving words you will ever read! I not only learn so many things from her, but I adore her raw truths written is such a way as to take your breath away. Thank you so much!
There is no easy way to present this issue. The word 'death' confronts us with an absolute reality. A maternal death is shocking. A baby and her sister have lost their mother, a man has lost his beloved wife and the family have lost a daughter, sister, friend ...
• The Susquehanna River (and the Chumung River leading into it), the longest river on the East Coast and perhaps the second oldest river system in the world, which goes down through Harrisburg, Pennsylvania to meet the sea in Maryland in Chesapeake Bay (the largest estuary in the United States) 30 miles from Baltimore, Maryland. In times of need, like this year’s drought, the Susquehanna provides drinking water for Baltimore. This year it provided more of its drinking water than in any year other than 1966 and the city has plans to increase the amount it can draw by another third over current capacity. The Susquehanna is also a backup source of water for Harrisburg, which last drew from it in 2000. And it is not just New York State that might be sending poisons downstream. Including the territory of other states, 72% of the Susquehanna River Basin is underlaid by the Marcellus Shale.
AMD's interest in the Ignite technology is also interesting because Ignite is a Risc-like 32-bit processor core with a strong SIMD component. According to Patriot, multiple Ignites can work together within the company's InFlame architecture to create a multi-SIMD processor. It just so happens that this configuration shares similarities with the architecture Sony and IBM have been discussing as of late to power the PlayStation 3.
When we arrived, Helen lifts up the cake carrier and notices that the cake completely shifted and is smashed against the side of the box. We call Alison, Helen's awesome daughter, and leave this voicemail: "Alison. Go to the grocery store. Buy a boatload of white canned frosting. Stat. Please. Thank you." Then, I carry in the sad cake carrier and I proceed to Drop. It. On. Its. Head. Yes, we dropped the darn thing twice! Luckily, the Daruma figurines were not on the cake. Finally, we shellac the cake with canned frosting, but you can see some of the bad bits coming through. Luckily, no one was planning on cutting or eating this cake. On their first anniversary, I'll bring over cream puffs and cupcakes to celebrate. No one wants to get near this twice bruised cake.
Sarah Wells snaked her gloved hand through the hole she'd cut in the glass.
Finally, the “citation needed” is not longer. So this is where he’s coming from…Trouble is, I can’t get my hands on said paper.
In honour of my birthday, i wanted to do a colour challenge - with one of my favourite colours... Brown. ;)
Are you ok with your answers? Chances are that you have found out not everyone in your inner circle of support should be in the circle. You need to ask the hard questions and be brutally honest with your answers. You may feel a bit uncomfortable and find your self making excuses for someone who needs to be pushed out of the circle. DON”T DO IT! Stick your ground.
I recognise that authenticity is everyone's right - what is right for me or my child is not the same for everyone.
This morning some 30 Perkasa members held a protest and conducted funeral rites for Lim before holding another noisy gathering in Komtar.
Genre: MMORPG
Me: (looking at the strip, which I had noticed we weren't tracing any contractions since her epidural placement) Well, we (meaning you) might need to adjust the toco as I am sure her contractions didn't stop completely.
This is something I have had on my mind to write for days now.
This death and many others that I look back on have caused me to reflect on what is important in life. My thoughts keep going back to them and through my grief I celebrate their goodness. I have come to realize what I cherish most in my life:
CONFESSION
a technicolor faun cavorting in my den until
The vastly different colors limited my choice of possible colors for overdyeing this yarn. Almost any color I picked would result in some areas of brown because of the color combinations. So I knew I needed to choose a color that would work with some brownish variegation. And because I wanted to mostly cover the existing colors, I wanted something dark and saturated. I settled on dark plum. I love the color, it looks good on me, and I had the dyes to accomplish it. I knew going in that I would not end up with a solid color, but more of a tonal yarn, because of the underlying variegation. That's okay with me; I like tonal yarns, heathery yarns, tweed yarns...just not strongly variegated yarns. I was hoping for a variety of shades of plummy colors.
Here is how the space started: dark and skank.
There's a lot to love in Ebbw Vale; the incongruously enormous, hulking scraping spire of Christ Church, dwarfing the terraces, evidently intended to be a landmark for miles around; the compact centre, with the unexpected pleasure of a Festival of Britain interior in the Crossing Café; another sadly derelict austere-baroque Workers' Institute; even the concrete car park at its centre, a fittingly muscular design reminiscent of Gateshead's demolished Trinity Centre. This one was saved, but improved by being painted white and covered in metal wire. The public art here, sadly in contrast to Merthyr, is pro forma, a swooping metal clock surrounded by steel balls. It was commissioned the year after the steelworks closed; the site is still being cleared for impending 'regeneration'. These things always feel like a sop, but the rest of the country owes Ebbw Vale and neighbouring Tredegar a favour, to put it mildly.
We had some really super creations but sadly not everyone followed our rules so are not eligible for a prize!
I’ve been enjoying watching all the wee birds flitting about, they’re like perfect little ambassadors for spring.
I’m starting to see all the benefits of running compared to some of the other types of exercise I’ve been doing. I come home exhausted with a huge sense of accomplishment 20-30 minutes later instead of two hours later after a one hour class. The roads are always open, and free, so no fitting in a class or driving anywhere and paying a fortune. I just tie my shoes and go! I can go in any direction, stop and start as I please and challenge myself any way I want. There is no one out there looking at me or keeping track of what I can or cannot do. It’s completely my own. I benefit directly when I make the effort and I don’t benefit when I decide to slack. No fake turning the resistance button on a spinning bike.
However, as he spoke, reports were coming in of a deadly car bombing close to a church in the Nigerian city of Kaduna.
This passage is full of such great illustrations. I believe that shows how very important the scripture is. He wants us to hear what He is saying about how powerful our tongue is.
Maybe you can take a cue The Spring Standards, a folk rock outfit that seems way more groovy than your regular outfit...mainly because it seems they've solved the drummer problem by splitting up the drumming between the 3 people in the band.
Austin Sharp (1886-1956), son of Milo and Lilly Sharp.
And for an update on using Annie Salone's Chalk Paint
Monday - BBQ tuna steaks, sweet potato fries, salad and mango mayonnaise (We already had this and it was delish!)
*These are not my photos. Click the photo for the sources.
The Mormon population descended from the original settlers has declined dramatically over the years with many from the younger generation leaving because of security concerns or for better jobs north of the border.
Life has taught me a couple things:
When the deal was at last in place, I had expected to feel great joy and a desire to crow to the world of my success. Instead, I felt great relief, and very self conscious about crowing, because I didn’t want to crush anyone who was still waiting for their chance to crow.
Laymon Yokely - Baltimore Black Sox
Mom - You had an epidural all 3 times. Not the same.
Next, you need to make a conscious decision about what kind of frying fat you intend to use. Schmaltz, or rendered chicken fat, will lend a poultry and strong savory flavor to the Matzo Brei — this is usually chosen for “Meat” meals if you are keeping Kosher. Vegetable Oil will keep the meal “Pareve” or neutral and it doesn’t lend extra flavor to the Brei. Butter, which we will be using here, is going to lend a rich dairy taste to the meal and is chosen for “Dairy” Kosher meals.
Row 12- sk 4 sc on row 11, attach w/sl st to next sc, ch1, sc in sm sp, sc in next 10sc. (11)
To be able to accept the truth, that perhaps, or really, he must have forgotten we exist. That he clearly loved and appreciated others, but never equally to how he sees us – a lesser degree.
Emperor Hirohito was born a god but died a man. His expansionist dreams undid his godliness. The destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki led him to renounce his divinity and perhaps concede that man has more destructive power than any god. The name Showa, which was conferred on Emperor Hirohito after his death, means “enlightened peace”. The Second World War brought about the deaths of one hundred thousand Americans, roughly three million Japanese people, and the deaths and brutal torture of ten to twenty million Chinese. No charges of war crimes were ever brought against him. They say he was misled into imperialism. That his generals deceived him. That he was kept in ignorance. The militarists held the power, not him. But he was not so completely blinded or blameless. He was not so unaware. Nor so passive or so pacifist. His pacifism was inspired more by looming defeat than by compassion. But we were offered a version of history that was more palatable, and it was readily accepted. General McArthur, who oversaw the rebuilding of post-war Japan, felt the country would be more easily run if the emperor remained as its figurehead. So blame was removed from him. The responsibility for his part in the war and its atrocities was taken away, and re-written. The reins of history are held tightly here too. The unseemly truth of the past is kept at arm’s length. Tamed and subordinate.
Bryce did a great job learning all about Paul Winchell and even made a mini Jerry Mahoney puppet for a prop. I have really been surprised this year how conscientious Bryce has become about his school work. He doesn't like getting anything but A's and 100's. I may have another Emily on my hands.
The whole day long, the whole night long, they’re splashing round the isles;
Yesterday afternoon my husband came home from his errands and handed me a single, perfect red rose. “Here,” he said,
(winner is yet to be determined)
Unfortunately I can't show you what can only be described as the coolest cakes we have ever made for a celebrity (you'll have to tune in to the show tonight for that reveal). My next two picks went to the Lady Gaga cake, if for no other reason that it was for Lady Freak'n Gaga (!!!) and Matt Preston's surprise birthday cravat cake.
Although I took jewelry classes in college, I have not utilized any of my metal-working skills since. It's a small step, but I decided to start thinking in basics again. Thanks to Vicki's great tutorial I purchased sterling wire, a bench block, and a chasing hammer. I just finished my fourth pair and am already brainstorming what I will make to hang from my new earwires! Thank you Vicki!
2- Using chicken or meat broth is much better that using water in cooking this dish.
The first day that they are room-mates, I get a call from my Mom.
3 Find Out What People want
Alcohol by volume: 5.6%
Now I know I just said that I don't get too hung up on whether a Skyline has a gold plated tip or a plastic tip, since they are so easily interchanged. However, all of these are as I have found them, and I'm seeing a pattern emerge: those which have a partially ribbed barrel have a gold plated tip, and those with a smooth barrel have a plastic tip. It might be a coincidence, but I think these are likely "correct" with the tips as shown (although I hate the use of that word).
Do you think a windspren will wander in there? What? They’ll just fly back out?
Last year, Nintendo labelled the Wii U as a “new beginning”. Following these bold words were a handful of the biggest developers praising the console. This video symbolizes many things for the company, and a new beginning is certainly one of them. Another being the Wii U as an M-Rated gaming experience. Most would argue that Nintendo has no place in the modern-core market, but one can’t blame the company for being ambitious.
First win for The King's Speech (Original Screenplay) one of many if you believe the bookies. Funny man, he is. I like him a lot. No idea who he is but do I care. No.
It is the popular Vegetable biryani, a Hyderabad special.
Meet at the Visitors Center, Top of the Hill, Fort Greene Park. For more information, call 718-391-8824.
Well, that is all from me today, thanks for stopping by and
A number of years later, I took the then called ‘CDT’ craft, design, technology A Level
(and dog hair)
8. going for a walk (when Im not on bedrest)
Joel Kyack
When the fireworks were over, everyone stood up and began the long walk back to wherever they were living that night. Some undoubtedly went to their hotel and others went back to their house. Maybe some went to their cars and others went a walking (like us!). It could be that others went to nowhere as they had nowhere to go or back to their box under a bridge. But for those 25 minutes at Point State Park, we were altogether one people.
My point is not to say that there are no legitimate concerns, or conspiracies, but that energy brought to these beliefs is going to tend to skew what you find plausible. In fiction the single most overlooked problem is that while there is an enormous history of societal collapse, the people living within that society never really know when, where, or exactly how it is going to occur. There are an awful lot of survivalists folks ready for the big one back in the cold war who have since dead of old age. The problem is not only surviving a collapse of 'X' type, but surviving up to that point in our current circumstances.
Father: Barack Obama with his wife Michelle and daughters Malia (left) and Sasha (right)
Our apartment has a plain old white fridge. So, to jazz it up a bit, I made some Pinhole Press photo magnets. I used snapshots of Toby, as well as some photos I found online of my favorite old-school celebs (including Mick Jagger, obviously). Our gallery display makes our whole kitchen feel so much cozier, and Toby loves pointing himself out. For Mother's Day, I'm going to send my mom a package of Toby magnets:)
What about Starbucks?
Harper can’t help that Nick has come blazing back into her life in all of his frustratingly appealing, gorgeous architect glory. But in Nick’s eyes, Harper’s always been the one. If they can only get it right this time, forever might be waiting—just around the bend.
Hello blogger friends!
5cm piece galangal, finely chopped (or tinned)
I was so happy, so excited to see his name appear at the top of my blogroll, and once I got over my initial shock that he was posting in a month that didn’t have the letter “C” in it, I rushed right over to read what he had to say. And let me tell you, I had high hopes because he’d already mentioned the baby Jesus in the title.
I wrote, and wrote, and wrote. I thought about my struggle to own my identity as an artist in the world. I thought about my son’s struggle to stand up and be seen for who he is. So many people prefer you to assume a role that makes them comfortable. But life is not about making other people comfortable. This idea seeped into the songs that were coming out of me — the old adage, “Comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable.” I wanted to say what seemed unsayable. That life is tough, heartbreaking, unfair — and short. And that there is unspeakable beauty to be found. My son unknowingly gave me a tremendous gift last year when he bravely shared his truth with me. He gave me the courage to share mine.
I wasn’t bitter, I was sad for bff but, I knew you know, these things happen. We stopped to pick-up one other person, I didn’t know we were going to, my ex-bf climbed into the van. Mickey, who I had replaced with current bf, he gave me a big grin, it was one those things. Mickey was friends with bf, we were being way too green and recyclie with each other.
Our English word “love” (noun or verb) has a broad range of meanings, anywhere from strong affection to passion to copulation. It can speak of warm fuzzy feelings or of desire, sexual and otherwise. Love is an ambiguous word and that is what, I suppose, makes the word so appealing and at the same time, so frustrating.
I feel perfectly content when both of my kids lie on the couch with me, one on my chest, one on the arm.
After a quick walk through of the campus, which included getting the required permission to shoot…I decided to focus on the plaque, which mentioned how the classroom block was built by Round Table India and Ladies Circle India. This was it…I hadn’t shot many plaque’s yet and maybe it was a good time to start now…get the perfect shot and run to the nearest ice cream stand. But after a few shots and various angles, I realized that the photograph lacked the spark! As I thought of running to the ice-cream stand, I saw a young girl, running towards a class…no doubt, late for her afternoon lecture. Within seconds, I aligned my camera to take this picture, and this is what I needed! A life, an honesty or naughtiness of the girl running into her class.
According to police, six robbers barged into a private bank situated in Jamshed Quarters area near Islamia College, and looted the cash after holding the bank staff members hostage.
Guarau: "I only see my wife once every three months when I scrape up enough of my wages to go back to India."
she's had hit singles inspired by oddball mystics like
75. Wear a sun dress without feeling like a whale.
Well the good news is we had an excellent vacation in New Orleans.
This investigation was part of Operation Predator, a nationwide HSI initiative to protect children from sexual predators, including those who travel overseas for sex with minors, Internet child pornographers, criminal alien sex offenders and child sex traffickers. HSI encourages the public to report suspected child predators and any suspicious activity through its toll-free hotline at 1-866-DHS-2ICE or by completing its online tip form. Both are staffed around the clock by investigators.
1985- Anna and Bella
How does a writer proceed with a marketing plan?
And on an unrelated note, hi! I'm Becky, and I'm happy to be the newest member of Afterglow. I'll do my best to make these reviews coherent!
The Dragons knew Moorestown would be a huge obstacle.
Hudson had done a marvellous job. Especially since this is her first novel. I really enjoyed reading this! I can't wait to see what happens with Amelia and Joshua!
8. ACME NOVELTY LIBRARY #18-19
Was frustrated with my time-I was creeping along barely maintaining 14 minutes/mile. I am sure it is because I had pain in my arch and calves. Upset that my $100 shoes were great for one flipping run. Pretty sad that my Champion shape up type shoes are the best for me to run in.
Again, I wish I had more to say, but it was kind of a blur. Well, I’ll be back to Madrid later at the end of my trip. But really, I can’t thank my Aunt and Uncle enough for taking care of me those couple days and really making me feel at home before I ran off to Paris.
Now I have seen some quarters who have “listened” to their leaders and influenced by the lies the mainstream media pushes to them, most of them believe in the same reason :
At the same time, my mind is also accessing personal memories and feelings – the feel of sand between my toes as I walk along the sand on the Gulf of Mexico; the sound of pebbles under my walking shoes as I strode across the beach at Dover; the fresh salt smell standing on the Atlantic coast.
“I can’t take it anymore. Let’s go to a hotel”
How do we respond? What should the church do? How can we alter community perceptions of our role and function?
For the redo of this house Edith worked together with local craftsmen as a team of painters, upholsterers and cabinetmakers.
interval training, plyometrics, kick boxing, pilates, core strength, weight training and high-energy cardio, plus fit-tips and blogs on howe to succeed beyond your wildest dreams!
Ha! No really, it’s like that.
(1) I add something, on account of unbelievers, of the day of judgment. Again, the fire of the Lord sent forth shall be appointed. The earth gives a true groan; then those who are making their journey in the last end, and then all unbelievers, groan. The whole of nature is converted in flame, which yet avoids the camp of His saints. The earth is burned up from its foundations, and the mountains melt. Of the sea nothing remains: it is overcome by the powerful fire. This sky perishes, and the stars and these things are changed. Another newness of sky and of everlasting earth is arranged. Thence they who deserve it are sent away in a second death, but the righteous are placed in inner dwelling-places.
I come to the garden alone
Let’s get these reviews more attention, people. Post reviews on your webpages, tell your friends, do some of them crazy Pinterest nonsense. Whatever you can do to help my reviews get more attention would be greatly appreciated. You can also add me on FaceBook (Robert T. Bicket) and Twitter (iSizzle). Don’t forget to leave me some comments. Your opinions and constructive criticisms are always appreciated.
As a sort of elder statesman of mid-Twentieth Century horror, it makes good sense to turn our attention to the work of Vincent Price. I grew up knowing him from the Canadian TV show, The Hilarious House of Frightenstein, and we’ve watched him in such classics as the, er, “memorable” film noir Laura.
the bookcase was mine. gave it to mama. she used it for awhile and now i have it back. she didn't need it anymore and i never pass up a bookshelf. i use them everywhere! this one holds everyday shoes. and in the bins are hats and mittens. it seems like we need them year round here, so ours just stay out. on top are some of my favorite accessories that have been stashed away with no great place to display them. now they also have a home.
Some of these are innocent enough, but a great many more are the result of deliberate thaumaturgy, and if you trace back the rhetoric to its source, it’s not hard to see the thaumaturgy at work. If the source is a book, look for the couple of chapters right up front that describe the horrible future we’re going to get, barring a miracle, and notice further on that the plan of action offered by the writer doesn’t actually promise the miracle; the resulting doublebind heightens the stress on the readers and thus makes the binary reaction harder to shake off. If it’s visual media, watch for the same things, heightened by sharp juxtapositions between images that have radically different emotional charges—the famous ad run by the Johnson presidential campaign in 1964, alternating images of a hydrogen bomb going off and a little girl plucking daisy petals, is a classic of the type.
Labor and New Media
Some days are just poopy days.
Thank You for letting me share this experience with you, and if you know a border agent or any other person of service that's a good person, make sure to give them a smile or an extra hug the next time you see them.
How dare you put a pissy couple of dollars profit in front of the needs of a customer ?
So I suffer with his displeasure for the moment. Frankly, I'm happy. I'm feeling better, and his business is collapsing so fast, there's more or less no work anyway.
“Exactly. And then if a campaign should finally catch fire and start exploding on you, all of a sudden you start to condescend and rip into us for lack of decorum. Decorum. Hah!” Matt laughed loudly. Heads turned. “On the one hand, you want democracy to be a great popular sport, everybody involved and cheering wildly. But as soon as it starts to happen, you’re horrified. It’s like you want everybody to come to the party but only if they dress just so. You complain about how nobody votes anymore. Big deal! Ninety percent of the people in Italy vote. You want a country like that? And all this BS about how television ads are ruining campaigns! You know why editorial writers don’t like television spots? Because they take power out of their hands! They want a few dinky debates, a polite campaign, and then for everybody to sit at home on Sunday waiting for the editorials to know which way to vote. Instead, some jerk like me can muck things up! You want twenty percent of the people to vote instead of fifty! Just take campaign commercials off the air. You’ll bore everybody to death!”
“Funny you should ask, “ said Gisela. “I don’t actually visit that library very often. We have a very well-stocked library here at the college and I don’t have any particular reason to visit the New Concord Library—it’s full of trashy novels and self-help books. I was actually looking for books for my four-year-old niece who was coming for a visit. I needed to find something to keep her entertained. When I was done finding the books, I decided to peruse the shelves out of curiosity, and I pulled out one of the few books with serious academic qualifications published by a university press... as opposed to the commercial fare put out by multi-million dollar publishing companies. It was Population in Perils. And I was curious because one of the lessons I had taught that day was about demographics. And I took at look at it and I was quite shocked at the recommendation that sex selection abortions be restricted. Women in the Third World labour under enough constraints that they do not need another law to come tell them what they can or cannot do with their bodies. And of course, the secondary danger in all this is that anti-choice groups seize on this recommendation, issued with academic authority, and use it to advance their misogynist agenda. Consider what they do with obstetric and embryology textbooks. Naturally, they could make use of such suggestions and create a backdoor to antichoice legislation in this country.
As a mother, I could relate to her worry because…well…that’s just what we do. We know what can happen. But at the same time I didn’t take her fears seriously because I was picturing boys in the sixteen to seventeen year range. Around here, boys of that age with a hunting father are already experienced in wild terrain, so a simple hike on a clear afternoon wouldn’t usually pose any kind of meaningful risk.
Anyway, blood ties aside, I feel that when two or more people are still together, be it being couples or friends, it doesn’t mean that all’s well.
5. DADDYYYYYYYYYYY?????????
As I grow to meet my potential
I have serious issues with my baking capacities after I failed to bake a cake four times in a row…Four times! And yes, it was just a simple cake. Pfff!
It's ironic that now I have all the time in the world to write, my blogging has almost ground to a halt. This wasn't supposed to happen. I'd imagined writing posts about the progress of 'Steerforth Books' and my first steps in the precarious world of self-employment.
What to Say to an Alligator
7pm-fillet of cod, broccoli, loaded baked potato
It cost over 7,000 yen, marginally more expensive than the Argyll, but it is definitely more geared up to the non-expert than some of its independent rivals. There is a "Key malt and Coffey Grain Tasting Set" for 3,000 yen, which allows you to taste a range of six of Nikka's whiskies, from a highly sherried Yoichi to one of Nikka's well regarded single grain whiskies.
You can have a good relationship with your children, you can feel fine about how your family interacts, you can feel great about yourself as a parent and still not really have the trust of your child. Even parents who would say they are people of integrity, honest, righteous and trustworthy fail to treat their children with respect. Parents regularly use bribes, rewards, punishment, and other forms of control to manipulate the behavior of their children, instead of building a strong relationship of free flowing trust. Children have a hard time trusting parents when they have no confidence in the parent's ability to let go of their need for control or being the one with the power.
94. I don't really like dogs....surprise, surprise!!
They leap for the chimbly and try to dive
Maybe you only have one child to corral to bed and it isn't a problem. But just maybe, you're like me and are outnumbered by your children. Try the Mommy Monster routine to get them into their room.
Power Tools – Discover how to Have tried it
I have gone and done it....the unthinkable. Miss organised personified has become a techie messmonster of the worse kind. I managed to miss the emails for not only one but two parent teacher evenings this past week. This has never happened to me before!
My dad's favorite saying,which I truly love, is Caca pasa!! Put that in google translator. ;-D
On May 5th, simply ask for our sign-in sheet at the branch locations (Commodity Circle, Aloma, Oviedo, Lake Mary, Kissimmee, and in Tampa at Fletcher Ave).
However, not only are our workers competing against cut price workers, our economies are competing against cut price economies and we can’t survive unless we start treating our populations in the same way that the “successful” nations like Brazil and India treat the poor wretches in their slums and sweatshops.
I’ve been feeling a lot like Icarus in the past couple of days as we returned home from our wonderful vacation. Stories swirl about people who’ve found their way into that special place of timelessness, and upon their return, the speed of time sweeps them off their feet and they fall into an abyss.
Gregory: I care
I mumbled something about "I'm so sorry, there are a lot of nursing files on here and I had no idea those pictures were in them".
Instant payday Loans genuinely only add up if you’re ever for unexpected expenses. It is not recommended to look at an easy mortgage loan In order to wager at an online casino. With financial products so effortlessly and readily offered you will be inclined to use over you could repay. In truth if you want a Income right up until payday loan, it is usually a good idea to consider why it had become important. What about a very little financial organizing in your favor are working order.
486000 Pipeline transportation
“Hi uncle”
Morag xx
What’s it all about?
So it's looking less and less like I will be skinny 3 months from now, particularly since I've managed to gain a few pounds (mmmm...popovers....) during my convalescence. How is a fat chick supposed to dress for being seen in public? Baggy, stained yoga pants and oversized t-shirts from Target are probably not going to cut it.
Okay, now this picture. Oh, this is EXACTLY what it looked like. Pure decadent deliciousness. I mean really people, this was pure sin.
This off kilter quality establishes many levels of separation between John’s nature as a solitary and the viewers walking around the gallery. While on one hand, John can be seen as a lonely traveler, the other finds viewers strangely indicted in their curiosity about this far away drama. John is not alone, our eyes pour over him. The scale of the sculptures finds us peering into the holes, looking for any information we can find. Thankfully, we provide most of the information ourselves, leading the stories with our own thoughts and desires.
Hearing her perspective really weighed heavily on my heart as the days passed and I learned about two people I know who have lost their husbands. Within a week of each other, a family childhood friend of mine and a preschool teacher that took care of both of my sons in Mother's Day Out when they were babies lost their husbands to brain cancer. The childhood friend of mine has 3 young kids with her husband and the youngest is a year old. The preschool teacher has 3 older kids with her husband.
The father and his alcoholic friends say, “We’re having fun, aren’t we???”………Are we????
For quite some time I have been managing my condition that involves a severe hormonal imbalance among other wondrous medical phenomena, without taking one pill of the drug variety. (Okay, so in the last year truly managing, prior to that just refusing to take the drugs and sometimes suffering quite a load of consequences. I admit. I like wine, burgers and coffee. So sue me, oh body of mine.)
But lately, she's taken her obsession to a whole new level of crazy. Since she has to compete with the kids and the Man for my attention, she's decided that sitting next to me is no longer acceptable. Now, she insists on planting her fuzzy bum directly on my chest. I don't know about the majority of you, but I'd rather not smell like eau de canine buttikus. So I will gently scoot her tush to one side. Sometimes she's fine with that and will sit quietly, pressing as much of her belly against me as possible. Other times, like when there's a kid already sitting there, she scampers back on to my lap and seats herself on my bosoms. Not acceptable. Again, I will tenderly - but perhaps a little more firmly - adjust her position. And around and around we'll go until a) I stand up b) the offending child moves to another location or c) she gets all pouty.
About A&E Network
And TEACHERS? Some schools won't allow "Sara Has Two Daddies" in their school library, what teacher wants to step into that?! And (SPOILER ALERT) many teachers are LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender) themselves, well closeted and not about to appear as an ally to that "choice."
So you can discredit a scientific finding by pointing out that some bad people believe it? Is that effective?
While we were waiting we were entertained by the activities of everybody organising the event and the local marching band!
I went into my session with Rem yesterday with this in mind. I started off by spending some time with him, grooming and scratching, just enjoying his company. I hadn't intended to ride, but it's been a while and I really wanted to, so took him up to the school.
The clone of Benjamin Fulford is urging Masaaki Shirakawa, 30th Governor of the Bank of Japan, to release money for the creation of a Japanese clone army. “George Lucas knew what the game was!” said the Fulford clone.
As you can imagine, it’s not every day that I get to talk with a supermodel (or anyone famous, really). I did see Seth Meyers eating a hot dog in New York City one time. Not sure why that matters, but I feel compelled to share it.
Anyhoo, throwing up a prenatal vitamin 12 hours after a c-section equals NO FUN AT ALL. Holy hurt, batman. Anyways, after that I was very cautious when eating and my midwife was kind enough to prescribe my medications in liquid form. I was in the hospital for 6 days, when I got home I had zero appetite. I just had no interest in food for about a week.
Who in Congress defended Franklin Raines? Liberal Democrats, including Maxine Waters and the Congressional Black Caucus, at least one of whom referred to the “lynching” of Raines, as if it was racist to hold him to the same standard as white CEOs.
I rarely cook from a recipe, I just add ingredients in whatever proportion seems right, but I will try to explain to you how to make it as best I can. To me, the beauty of cooking is the fact that you don’t have to stick to a hard and fast recipe, you can substitute, change proportions, and add ingredients according to what’s on hand and what sounds good right then:)
I have started pinning images for Ella's birthday. I love planning fun home parties with a theme. This layout shows a highlight of Nathan's last party...these cardboard cars. His face kinda sums it up:
Now I'm a firm believer in doing whatever you want and I know it's good for the economy but I really don't like this trend.
Bling: Stickles, Velvet Ribbon, Eyelets, liquid pearls
and one about how my grandmother shaped me as a reader.
The process, costing tens of millions of pounds, threatens to roll on for at least another year and probably two.
If my anti-smoking relative who lives in the South West is any measure of public feeling on this issue, then I know that plain packaging has no support that isn't bought and paid for.
New Year's Day is right up there with April Fool's Day for me as far as holidays are concerned. It's one of the best days ever. Any holiday that celebrates a fresh start, resolutions to do better, and black eyed peas is definitely my kind of day. New Year's Eve is almost as good- I spend it preparing for my fresh start (If there's anything I love more than doing something, it's planning to do something).
Also from that 2007 album was "Fairytale." Sara delivered the tongue-in-cheek feminist anthem-- which is about all those unrealistic fairy tale romances us girls growing up believing in-- without her male band. She said she had performed a few shows without playing the song and it just didn't feel right, like something was missing. We were all glad she brought it back.
If you've never visited the Graphics Fairy blog, you must go and have a look. It's full of fabulous vintage pictures free of copyright and just begging to be used! Thanks Karen, I love the image and hope the card did it justice!
6. Restoring balance after a busy summer is not impossible!
To get us into the Christmas spirit, and since we are not buying a tree, I decided to buy a Belén with the central cast of characters. I thought it will make a great tradition to bring back of our time in Spain. Nicky is having great fun playing with the figurines. The Angel and the cow are regularly having fights with each other, and one day I found the Angel dead in the cradle on top of poor baby Jesus.
This presentation is relevant to flats because those of us who come to live here, especially those of us who come to lead and invest our own lives here, are ‘ideals‘ people. We need to hear the message of Ecclesiastes – probably every week or so! And the hopelessness that surrounds us is ever-threatening to overtake us. Walking down our little section of Winnipeg’s Main street is a picture of injustice and brokenness. Suicide and death are daily realities we cannot escape. If we wanted to wallow in all that, it’d sure be easy. But hope is real, God is good, and meaning exists in all of it.
3. Kyle Sandilands
keeps screen closed
I've been sufficiently productive.
SHE: I dunno what do YOU want to do..?
The efficiency is amazing, although many complain about that. I suppose they need to spend a day or two in downtown Johannesburg to realise how majestic the London Underground achievement really is.
Glastonbury, England. Over 40 local ales and ciders are on offer at the weekend Glastonbury Beer Festival, held on the grounds of the Tor Rugby Club. Entertainment is provided by a Guns N’ Roses tribute band, and the three-piece band Drewbag, which mixes acoustic style with British hip-hop and up-tempo grooves. (June 2 – 3)
Money was spent but no money was taken in. In fact, the only thing taken in by Dracula Vs. Frankenstein was the audience. Adamson never made anything again with the name recognition he has here - certainly not with Five Bloody Graves and Psycho a Go-Go.
There is much to glean from these lovely old tales, fast becoming trivialized and forgotten.
I’m eager to hear your response. Meanwhile, I’ll be at the ER getting treated for third-degree burns.
In a political secret society, membership is restricted to those who share an ideological affinity with the goals the group represents. At the furthest end of the political spectrum, the mission will be revolution. Such a society will go to great lengths to defend itself. (…)
Ok, so a one-word column might be a bit too neat. As conservative California friend 'John Wayne' points out, Hillary is a "30-percenter": 30 percent of the people are going to vote for her no matter what and 30 percent are going to vote against her no matter what. So on paper, Clinton needs to attract half out of the remaining 40 percent of the voters to win. But this is a more daunting task than it sounds.
Is this why she weighs less than her younger brother, this Karen Carpenter act? You’d think we had put her on Toddlers and Tiaras and told her she was looking too chunky to be competitive….
Oh, and John "on the ball" McNeill ripped out the nasty, musty smelling carpet on Thursday afternoon. He's so great at jumping on the "to-do" list and getting it done pronto. I'll be sharing some pictures and some of his tips in case you may be planning to rip up your own old carpet anytime soon.
and what he was doing in Cuba.
I prefer commuting to the place to avoid the EDSA traffic and wasting gasoline sitting in, again, heavy traffic (but Mario prefers taking the car). If you commute, take the MRT and get off at Cubao station. Go down at the south bound lane of EDSA (not the side where gateway or Farmer’s plaza is). Take an orange tricycle and say “Chocolate Lover” and they’ll know where that is and take you there. Same way going home, ride an orange tricycle back to the MRT (and they conveniently have a terminal right in front of Chocolate Lover).
The first morning I came to the stable to feed the horses, she did not wake up to eat, she just stayed sleeping. Now, that is normally a bad sign, any horse caught asleep will jump up as soon as they hear the food trolley, but not Amalia. She just lay there, looking at me like she wanted me to turn off the lights and go away.
The biggest flaw is this theory is the wording of article 3.17.5 which describes the test and the mounting of the splitter. But typically the FIA rules are both vague and overly specific at the same time. The regulation states that mounting between the “front of the bodywork on the reference plane” and the “survival cell” (Monocoque) must be not be capable of deflection. The definition of “front of the bodywork” might mean its leading edge, but might not incorporate stays further back along the car. Equally the design of the fulcrum need not be the pivot I drew, but a simpler solid but flexible part, that is not suspected to deflect.
If there is something that you feel I wrote in error, PLEASE let me know in the comments section. Also, if there’s a Nicaraguan dish that you know of that I haven’t listed, feel free to let me know. I’ll then seek it out, eat it, photograph it and write about it.
Both of the boys are at ages where they’re rapidly changing at the moment – Judah in all his babyness (one milestone after another) and Levi in the midst of his toddler vocabulary explosion.
May 26, 2012 2:30-5:30 Cricut Class "Intro to TBBM2"
Kali - "Dear Grandma - Thank you for the stuff. Love, Kali"
Now I can only hear myself mime to it ..
I’m selfish to say all this actually,
Public Safety Department
To become a Hero, call (803) 540-1219 or e-mail Paula.Thayer@redcross.org. Click here to make a financial donation, call (803) 540-1241, or mail to the American Red Cross, PO Pox 91, Columbia, SC 29202.
Instead of just dropping Cam off at soccer practice, we hung out to provide a little needed moral support. After watching Ava flop out of the chair and crack herself up for about twenty minutes, we pulled out the camera phone and played the self portrait game.
I began this recipe, (which was inspired by a recipe in the November 2003 issue of Better Homes & Gardens) by creating a mustard spread. The original recipe called for honey mustard and prepared horseradish. I didn't have either. I ended up mixing together some honey mustard salad dressing, some Gulden's Spicy Mustard, and a little wasabi (for that horseradish kick). It seemed to work really well!
Yes, claims Sebastian Seung. If you feel like your personal connectome pattern is a bummer—causing you, for example, to have chronic anxiety or obsessive thoughts—Seung says you can probably change it by consciously “pouring,” in a willed fashion, a desired neural activity through your brain (just as water can slowly change the course of a creek bed). I suppose he’s referring to things like behavior modification therapies and habitually facing your fears directly.
God of Thunder and Avenger Thor travelled to this distant planet and laid waste to the native inhabitants. A vicious race of blue skinned religious zealots, the Pandorians were bent on interstellar conquest while passing themselves off as benevolent and peaceful. The
Today we had a great session with the one and only Mafé. Click her name to check out her page! Thanks to the awesome musicians (Jesse Fischer, keys; Alex Busby Smith, bass; Tariq Khan, drums) who came to add a twist to her originally acapella “I Love You” song. She feels really good about it…and she should. It sounds great.
Okay, and you know what else February is bringing? A LOAD of fun, of course . . . with Lain. Last October, when I participated in the Layout a Day challenge, everyone decided that we wanted Lain to host another one as soon as we had a chance for all the holiday hubbub to die down and get some normalcy back into our lives. Enter: February LOAD!! February's almost here, so go quickly and enter. She's promising some tips on how to scrap faster, and prizes too!! Go scroll down on her blog (linked at the top of the paragraph) to find the Q&A on the rules and I hope to see you there!
Good+ in Good+ Dust Wrapper. Gently bruised at the spine ends and corners with commensurate wear to the dust wrapper. Dust wrapper is stained on the reverse with a lable reinforcing the head of the spine. Leans slightly. Text complete, clean and tight. Pages slightly age-tanned at the margins.
Romans 13:1
On the positive side, there are cannulas inserted into the heart to provide suction during the procedure; it is also possible that once the vegetation came loose, the tricuspid weed got sucked up by a cannula. That would be best-case scenario. And bless our friend, Anne, who actually managed to make us laugh by saying, "It sounds like a bad student essay: 'The Machine Ate My Blood Clot!'" You have no idea how close I was to using that as a title for this post.
Nature.
OK the fight with the stuffed cat looks a bit lame but the movie scared the pants off me when I first saw it on late night TV in the 1960s. It’s still one of my favourite horror films to this day. (Curse of the Demon was the US release title)
I think the Prince is becoming quite the little op-shopper!
An obvious pick for anyone who knows me. Ever since I first saw and was thrilled by Merian C. Cooper and Ernest B. Shoedsack’s “King Kong” as a kid, movies were different for me. “King Kong” is part near-typical 30's melodrama and part schmaltzy romance, but it is all monster movie (and monster movie to end all monster movies) and densely packed with terror and adventure. Jungles are good locations for adventure because they are full of mystery and the unknown. Who knows what sinister apparition lurks in those shadows? Director Carl Denham (Rob’t Armstrong as a thinly veiled caricature of Cooper) wants to know what the mysterious Skull Island’s native inhabitants are hiding behind that wall so he whisks a New York film crew and Ann Darrow (Fay Wray) off for the adventure of a lifetime. Once there they meet Kong, a gigantic gorilla with a huge machismo. It’s the classic story of giant ape meets girl, giant ape likes girl, girl doesn’t like him back, giant ape fights dinosaurs and is kidnapped and put on display for New York socialites, giant ape takes girl to someplace romantic (say the top of the Empire State Building) to win her back but is gunned down by assault biplanes. It’s like “The Lost World” (1925) meets any of the Johnny Weissmuller “Tarzan” movies, but so much better. The film is still a wonder and a pleasure after all these years. Between the jungles, monsters, dinosaurs, tribal chants, ominous drum beats, sea voyages, murder, mayhem, Fay Wray, and New York City it’s an atmospheric adventure that’s impossible to forget. “King Kong” is an unabashed man-movie with plenty of destruction and carnage, but what makes it great is that the real hero is the antagonist, Kong himself. Sure he kills a lot of innocent people, but he’s just trying to get his girl. I think this film has actually only gotten better with age because now when we come back from the jungle we’re still in a strange, mythical land because the New York City of 1933 doesn’t exist anymore. “King Kong” is a precious time capsule of a movie that teaches us, above all else (more than the melodrama, misogyny, and racism), that America knows entertainment.
One important reason for this was the rise in scale of newspaper enterprise and the associated increase in capital costs from the mid-nineteenth century onward, which was based on technological improvements along with the owners’ increased stress on reaching large audiences. The expansion of the free market was accompanied by an “industrialization of the press.” The total cost of establishing a national weekly on a profitable basis in I837 was under a thousand pounds, with a break-even circulation of 6,200 copies. By I867, the estimated start-up cost of a new London daily was 50,000 pounds. The Sunday Express, launched in I9I8, spent over two million pounds before it broke even with a circulation of over 200,000.
If you have a fondue pot, awesome (I love my electric one because I can control the heat really well). If not, you can do this in a heavy pot on the stove.
In Bradenton, Florida last week, Raymond Roberts was pulled over for speeding. The Manatee County Sheriff's Deputies who pulled him over noticed a strong scent of marijuana coming from his vehicle.
James 1:17
Succeed anyway.
The Magnolia, I scanned, loaded into the Silhouette software, printed and finally cut the silhouette of a shaded border around it. It's a bit of work but I have a very nice tight edge cut and no need a scissors.
Lip Balm ( Chap Sticks)
Deeply inspired to allow viability
But the pilot got clearance to land at the airport sometime between the first announcements and when we landed on the runway. The flight attendant came on when the plane landed advising that it was still not safe for passengers to get up so we were to remain seated. When the plane pulled up to the departure gate, the flight attendant then came over the intercom and breathed a sigh of relief and then she said, “We made it!!” Everyone on the plane clapped. I did as well and thanked God for His grace. As I got off of the plane, I looked ahead. I waited until I was almost the last person to get off of the plane because I wanted to thank the pilot. The flight attendant was there, but not him. I looked and the cockpit door was open. I could see him in there, but I wasn’t able to thank him.
Right back to writing that few scenes on loneliness.
THE PARTY’S OVER
- Figure out what I'm going to do at the end of my contract and then actually do whatever I need to get there.
Mexican food doesn’t get a tremendous amount of respect. Whether or not it gets the respect it deserves is a matter for another site, I suppose. Something about its ubiquity and its ability to remain tasty while suffering in quality, though, has led to it assuming a place in American cuisine where nobody is expecting much. I think that’s too bad. I eat a fair number of tortas, probably more than any other particular type of sandwich, and I’m hoping that one of these days one of them is going to really knock my socks off. What I have long suspected is that there is a sandwich out there that is as transcendent an experience as the bánh mì at Saigon Bánh Mì. That there is a torta out there that is genuinely sublime, something that when I find it will forever influence my greater sandwich worldview. I had a great, great sandwich at Los Reyes de la Torta, but the very fact that I’m writing this suggests that it didn’t have quite the impact that it could have. You might be wondering what makes me so certain that sandwich is out there, and I’ll admit that for a while it was just an idle thought, something I would consider from time to time but never really embraced. But when I sat down to eat the Torta Milanesa from Adelita’s Taqueria, I knew my search had begun in earnest.
“So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth; it shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it.”
Brown the "meat"
The song above is an acoustic cover for Skyscraper. A week has passed so soon, its weekend again. Have been spending more and more time with myself lately and i am beginning to understand why there are a couple of my friends who really love to stay home. Spending time alone helps to me to understand myself gradually and i am really feeling happier now. When you are happy, chances are you are harder to breakdown when things don’t happen the way it should! Reading motivational books helped me to realize the things that i never understand about myself ever before!
-When your book is probably going to be published. This is, of course, subject to natural and outside forces (including but not limited to your own timeliness in turning around the edited manuscript). But we all need a goal to aim for.
We actually added some courgette, which also worked well.
Zanskar Trek is a gateway to Royal Ladakh. The adventurous journey of Zanskar trek was started in 1998. In these days it gained lots of popularity and in a short span of time, it has emerged as one of the leading tour. The trekkers enjoy the beauty of Ladakh during Zanskar Trek.
“Sixteen needles to the stomach”.
8. Kentucky Jelly
to lighten, dark, to storm or to abate?
Have you noticed a new/old trend in decorating/crafting?
there is a blackened cinder,
stay pretty (:
The majority feels that it has to decide the question whether the President still has emergency powers; but unable to determine in which of the above cases the issue may properly be decided, it grouped them together. When the eye or the hand is unsure, it is best to shoot at five birds in a group: firing at one after another may mean as many misses.
Dry red chilli- 2
With him by my side
Francis Collins is an American physician-geneticist, noted for his discoveries of disease genes and his leadership of the Human Genome Project. When being asked what he finds “to be the most compelling evidence that there is, in fact, a Supreme Being,” he says, “First of all, we have this very solid conclusion that the universe had an origin, the Big Bang. Fifteen billion years ago, the universe began with an unimaginably bright flash of energy from an infinitesimally small point. That implies that before that, there was nothing. I can’t imagine how nature, in this case the universe, could have created itself. And the very fact that the universe had a beginning implies that someone was able to begin it. And it seems to me that had to be outside of nature. And that sounds like God.
A Fire Upon The Deep is considered a classic is the Sci-Fi area and I've never read it even after a friend told me I had to. Well, I plan to read it sometime this year as Tor is reissuing it in a trade paperback and if things work out I'll probably read the long awaited sequel Children of the Sky coming in the Fall.
Reflect on architectural images that you consciously recognize and attach to a particular region of the world. Does a historic European city look, feel and function any differently from a modern American city? What are the conditions that caused the unique finished products? If you can articulate the unique elements of your local built environment, then you have defined what is “vernacular” and what is “indigenous” to your community. It’s what makes Columbus, Mississippi (photo above) different from Kalamazoo, Michigan.
I’ve been searching for my birth mother ever since my son was born. When my daughter was born first I was 15 years (almost 16) old at the time, and too preoccupied with my new meaning of life. I did think for a split second of how my birth mother could give such a beautiful thing away…but that was only for a split second. I had other things to think and worry about.
The middle class pays all of the taxes, does all of the work.
Spring has settled in. The trees' leafy coats are well-established; fields are lush and green; and flowers continue to appear earlier than usual. Butterflies are everywhere, dancing from flower to flower with giddy joy.
I was doing a good job of cooking them, too, then waiting the allotted two minutes, then eating them. I was also doing a good job of eating food other than Hot Pockets every once in a while.
Fletcher, Rodney - BETRAYAL OF TRUST (1997)
Injections of magnolia bark extract are said to cause muscle relaxation. It is also used in formulas to treat coughing and asthma. The bark is said to make the qi descend and is used for symptoms of disorders thought to move upward in the body.
But still the show does not go on till he goes on the show
Step four: Move the pallet as close to the area that you plan to keep it. Whether you plan to use bags of soil or buckets of dirt, it’s better to bring the dirt to the pallet, rather than try to move it afterwards. It will be heavy.
From time to time, I like to write about historical places in Singapore. It takes a bit of time to research and photograph these places. So for today, here is a focus on Fullerton Hotel, one of the historical building in Singapore. By the way, I am not affliated or an employee of the hotel.
I'm so impressed by some of my blogging friends that I wonder if I'm not some kind of dullard. I suppose I am. One of the things that separates them from me is their optimism and their positive attitude. They seem to have no worries in the world. And I wonder why I'm not like that.
Gently knead the dough for about a minute.
-Chop all the vegetable in samew size .this helps in same cooking time
The Invasion
"For the past two months, I have been travelling the state supporting my fellow Republican candidates," Simmons said. "Everywhere I go people ask me if I am still running for the U.S. Senate. My response has been 'I'm still on the ballot.'"But his numbers are still as dismal as McMahon's are up when stacked up against any of the Democratic party candidates. You would think, for that reason alone, that Linda McMahon would be happy to have a reason to argue issues with someone during the primary season? But no... She's as pissed as a wrestler after too many steroid shots.
One of the advantages of being a Mama to three girls of such varying ages, is that I always have a sounding board when I am trying to create fun and engaging learning activities for teaching.
Peek a boo...really does this ever get old? (Later it will be called hide and seek, but it's still the same concept.)
Riga is the capital and the largest city in Latvia, with its almost 800 000 inhabitants it is also the largest city in the Baltic Countries. Riga was founded 801 years ago and it was an important centre for the Hanseatic League. The city historical centre is UNESCO Heritage Site , due to its Art Nouveau architecture. The city will be European Cultural Capital in 2014.
I started this painting about a year ago. I knew it wasn’t finished, but I didn’t know how or what it needed to bring the painting together. I put it away in a drawer that I keep with other work and let it go. Sometimes paintings are like that.
- and MassEffect (endless spaceworlds and exellent shading)
Our first challenge is an "Anything Goes" Challenge - so we want you to recycle anything you have been saving or have on hand and create with it!! Make sure you let us know what your "recycled" item is and how you have used it so we can all learn new things and get more ideas on how to recycle! And for an added bonus and the opportunity to win a great new "recycle" theme Sentiment just tell us what the "strangest" thing is that you have recycled or been keeping to recycle - we would love to know what things people have ideas for!
Sine Nomine Publishing
It doesn’t really matter to me what people choose to believe. I just hope they have some hope. I find our thoughts are often our greatest source of pain. Sometimes religious thoughts cause suffering. Even religious people can have an idea “I hope God forgives me.”
As majestic bells of bolts struck shadows in the sounds
I used Pion Design's new Forget Me Not Collection for this page. When I saw this paper I knew that this beautiful photo of my daughter would be a perfect fit for it! It seems they were made for one another, I love when paper and photo's work out in that way!
It's very strange.
I pretty much live in them when the weather hits above 65 degrees.
The goal of RUN@WORK Day, presented by the Road Runners Club of America, is to encourage adults to get 30-minutes of exercise each day, in accordance with the Physical Activity Guidelines for Americans, either before work, during lunch, or immediately following work.
These earrings were beautiful, but last week I mentioned I forgot to say "No earrings!" in my questionnaire. Whoops! They were a great price, too. I considered keeping them for a friend or my mom, but just didn't think they fit anyone's style well enough. I promptly edited my questionnaire to say no earrings though :)
Screeching
Safari (internet)
And through Maass’s careful commentary, we see the aggressors in the same compassionate light.
It's not so much that Russian girls dress more or less scantily than in other countries, but there is a lot of premature sophistication, in my opinion. I'm almost 30, and there are eight-yr-olds more sophisticated than I am. The heels, the pea-coats, the perfectly coiffed hair...Is it a problem or not to dress older than one's age? That's debatable.
The thing is, you receive this awareness through every cell in your body, including those of your ears. So, in a way, you have also heard it.
In its autumn tint of gold —
Organize clothes, and dust off your dressers. Take a look in your closet to see what you can give away. If it doesn’t fit, or you haven’t worn it in over a year, there is no reason to keep it. Put as much junk away as possible so that all clutter is eliminated.
Head on down to your local overpriced health foods store and get the best you can afford. It might seem expensive but healing your body through natural means is priceless.
Are the Muslims in Europe and America – and there are millions of them in some countries – able to celebrate Ramadhan and the Muslim holidays in the city centers, like some people do in our Arab and Muslim countries and cities, in the Arabian Peninsula? Is this conceivable?! What has happened to this nation?!
U.S. Department of Energy. (April, 1994). Committed to results: DOE’s Environmental Management Program: An introduction. DOE/EM-0152P. DOE, Office of Environmental Restoration, Washington, D.C.
I mostly scrap my DD`s photos.
What really freaked me out was the ornate doors to Baron Korf's study. They pretty much match the doors I had in my mind for the ones leading to the duke's drawing room in my Scorpius serial. So weird.
What I love about our color challenge is that it's
Except now.
Brazil cannot claim to be solely responsible for the drop in the real. Global risk appetite has turned against emerging markets amid political turmoil over the European sovereign debt crisis. Commodities prices have softened from their highs in line with decelerating Chinese growth.
Our friendship is what He wants the most. He wants us to spend time with Him. A friend is someone you can always turn to for help. A friend is someone who is trustworthy, who never forsakes you, who forgives your mistakes and who is willing to lay down his life for you. Jesus is this way with us! He is your very best friend.
Recorded in New York, on November 4, 1957
As Marcella mentioned, we are in a state of transition. But the good thing to note is our new website comes with a brand new blog that is directly tied to our store and tutorial library! Fun stuff! So, head on over to www.flourishes.org and check it all out! If you currently subscribe to our blog, you will want to update the RSS feed service that you use i.e. Feedburner, Feedblitz or Google Reader so that you don't miss out on any of the action!
the third and fourth side
Whenever I have a realistic object I need to draw I do extensive research. Running internet image searches makes this part so much easier than it used to be, when I would spend hours in the Library pouring through reference books. I looked at both photos of real Koi fish and traditional illustrations to see how they were depicted. This gives me a good style to base my final illustrations on.
AppLab Indonesia provides the working poor with an innovative and sustainable way of meeting growing demand for affordable access to information through a microfranchising model that is easy for them to use and benefit from. To find out more about the initiative, watch a video about the project on the Grameen Foundation website.
Thus,one day and one night passed.The second day,expecting things would be fine then,we were disappointed and frustrated the whole day.Yes,the same.Some checked out earlier to find another hostel and losses were made in that way.Andy was a bit carried away and freaked out,but no one could help it.
The book is a wonderful homage to Dickens which gave me many sleepless nights when I simply couldn’t put it down. I think – I hope – the great man would enjoy it too.
That was six years ago and we have the best little family to show for it. And he doesn't hate me. Sometimes he finds me incredibly frustrating, but who can blame him. And now if I have to take another pregnancy test I know, they aren't always negative. Sometimes you get a plus sign, and that plus sign could mean anything. To me it ended up meaning "It's a plus that you get to be a mommy and eventually a wife."
On Diane's recommendation I read Madam Will You Talk. Totally and thoroughly delightful. I loved it! There's much more mystery and suspense then romance and the mystery was great. There were lots of surprises and adventure. The only problem I had was how fast the perceived enemy became the love interest. I mean 'snap your fingers' fast.
So there you have it! A sewn garment for grown folk! I also had the wherewithall to enter this into Rae's Spring Top Sewalong at the last minute, so that oughta be fun! Hopefully people like it as much as I do!
Flashback: Helping a friend’s boyfriend carry her across a street. We each have an arm over one shoulder. She weighs 75 pounds. And is fabulously drunk. He is an economics major. I say, “I will never understand money.” He says, “Then you will never have any.”
We are planning a great white christmas Scandinavian rail adventure but thats not for ages yet.
Frankly, this is madness.
Now when are you moving the rest of your things out of the house?
Dollop the mixture into the tin, smooth the surface so it's evenly spread and pop it in the oven for 40/45 mins. Have a peek around the 35 minute mark and check it's done by seeing if you press down gently with your finger and it bounces back. The cake, not your finger.
When disease incidence statistics publicized by state health departments do not match those published by federal health agencies, there is something wrong. It is time for California health officials to fully disclose complete details of the 1500 whooping cough cases they allege have occurred in the state during the past year, including how many cases were lab confirmed as B. pertussis; how many cases were classified as “epidemiologically linked” - which means they were NOT lab confirmed; and the ages and vaccination status of all cases, including whether people with suspected or confirmed cases had been given 1,2,3,4,5,6 or more pertussis shots.
Carrot, 1 pc, cut into small cubes
Stir cheese into pâte à chou. Arrange level tablespoons about 1 inch apart on baking sheets. Sprinkle tops of gougères with black pepper and bake in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching positions of sheets halfway through baking, 30 minutes, or until puffed, golden brown and crisp.
5 - 8: It's Hard Demos
Can you tell the Wonderkid has been back in school for a week and a half? I've been busy (Thursday found me painting the pantry before I put all of the food back in and organized it.) but I still feel like some of my time is "my own". I've noticed the Wonderkid is willing to play by himself a bit more after a day with all of his friends.
WooHoo...Can't wait to try this baby out! A new air compressor and spray gun.
Never a Dull Moment features the hit single "Hold Me Down". Its music video debuted in late April and found significant airplay on MTV2. Directed by Dean Karr, it revolves around Lee riding a strange flying machine which crashes. Cirque du Soleil-like performers are also featured in the video. "Hold Me Down" was performed on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno on May 22, 2002. The track, as well as "Ashamed" and "Sunday", aired on Muzak's Power Rock station as well.
Tim Holtz Game Spinners
What ever happened to the concept of doing a days (nights) work and then getting paid a days (nights) wage?
1 quart chicken stock, simmering (I heat mine in a pyrex pitcher in the microwave)
BF: We’re dealing with some very dangerous people. That’s why there is a need for secrecy.
His eyes are a flame of fire, and on His head are many diadems; and He has a name written on Him which no one knows except Himself.
c. Use experimentation in spite of the fact it'ss a messy and untidy process. Experiments usually don't lead to fruitful results.
These were all entered into the challenges over at Crafters Digital Art Centre . Go check it out! Its really a whole lot of fun all in one place! I'm going back over there now because the new challenges starts today!
I have lived on four continents now. I have lived through Presidential elections on all four. Yesterday was election day here in Cameroon.
It's shelf date is to end on March 6. It was worth every penny I paid.
The first beers to arrive will be:
Nicholas Appel - Sterrs!
What, you may ask, is Tom Time?
I wrote this poem for you
Our Honors Day will be next Friday, May 25th. Please make plans for at least one person to attend for each child. The students will be receiving special awards and it is a very special day for them! This letter will also be coming home this week.
Based on the examination and the vet’s recommendations, along with evidence procured during the investigation, a search warrant was issued for the seizure of the horse. It has been transported to a rehabilitation facility in Clinton to be cared for by trained staff.
Boko Haram has killed much more police officers than the JAT; they have bombed much more churches than the JAT (JAT has only successfully bombed one church, with no death recorded); they have killed more government officials than the JAT; they have killed more innocent citizens than the JAT; and even boast of a larger army and potential recruitment pool than JAT considering the “economic alienation” of the North as Ambassador J. Carson puts it.
SAN ANTONIO - Ranger Creek is releasing a new series of limited-run beers named RE:SESSION, with the first two beers available now at select locations in San Antonio, Austin and Houston.
Snowmen jars!
Decorate your own cupcake booth
Calories: Highest: 2198 Lowest: 1142 Average: 1456
We are called ‘Aboriginal extremists’ because we have always defended ourselves when attacked, at Oka in 1990, Caledonia land reclamation at Six Nations,Tyendinaga Quarry and wouldn’t let border guards carry weapons in Akwesasne.
It’s because you believed
Tonight's pre-game upset is that the babysitter forgot she had a doctor’s appointment on Wednesday and wanted to know if she could switch days with someone.
use every tear you have cried to put a passion in your
My New Years motto is "Use it UP!" Instead of hoarding supplies and keeping them because they look so pretty I am now determined to use up my supplies, all of them even the really pretty and more expensive ones! I figure that if I don't use it up then I cannot justify buying more:0) Hehehe! Here I have used a veritety of ribbon and pretty flowers. I am also using my PTI cardstock and pretty papers:0) See I told you I am determined!
No matter how hard we've tried.
However, I've previously said I'd never seen it north of about Whitehall (40 miles south of me). This week, I've found quite a few trees in the woods along US 10 (even with where I live), and even several trees a few miles north. This is flowering dogwood, Cornus florida
They say you need a woman to tread your heart like grapes, they say you need your blood to ooze between her toes before you’ll holler and hurl.
And maybe her parents will visit and grocery shop for her – or help in her tiny London garden – who knows? And who knew all this work could be such a joy – it’s flavored with love, that’s why.
Call me a simple suburbanite, but I've never seen anything like it in my life. The blinged out train was awash with colorful lights and joyous holiday signs. It had the equivalent space of a train car decked out with an open-air Santa scene worthy of any shopping mall. It was delightful. The kind of thing you cannot look at without breaking into a smile.
They are waiting for a signal. The news reporting of mass decloakings
3) Google Chrome (alas, I couldn't find a link to this one, so you'll just have to take my word for it)
Jaela - I don't know
writing in my notebook
“Call me.” I shout as you leave in an awkward flurry of apologies and mild embarrassment. Later that day a hand scribbled note appears.
till he cried out in his anger and his shame
Van Sinderen's son, also named Adrian Van Sinderen, was a lawyer practicing in Brooklyn and Manhattan. In 1867 he became executor of the estate of his late friend William Lawrence and for many years Lawrence's family received income from the estate as planned. In 1886, one of the heirs discovered some "irregularities" in Van Sinderen's accounting and applied to the court to have him removed as executor. It was soon discovered that the entire estate had been squandered and Van Sinderen was indicted for grand larceny. He promptly fled to Europe, leaving his family behind.
I am the stone in the river bed awash.
Series beginning tonight
Coriander leaves – for taste
Which characters from the previous generation is Linton most like?
The Antlers – No Widows (Frenchkiss)
Only one full-timing and one extended traveler had a washer/dryer in their RV. One full-timer claimed she washed her clothes on a rock!
On the bottom shelf in the center units are the 4 color families of SU Classic Stampin' Spots - which I love because they allow me to have all of the colors without the money investment and storage problem in purchasing the large ink pads and they match my SU cardstock. On top of them are the cardstock color samples I made. Next to the ink boxes I keep my Score tapes and a small cutting plate that I use when fussy cutting with a blade those sections that are too small for scissors.
A social scientist or professor of anthropology would provide answers to all these questions based on a myriad of factors, such as gentile influences, socio-economic elements and remoteness from Torah centers and Torah study.
Here's a little bit more about the awards from the Completely Novel website:
He was never charged with a crime. He was barely even held accountable for anything. Back in New York three years later, he held a series of smaller posts, including one for the New York garment industry that was assigned to him by new mayor LaGuardia, his former rival.
Although Loni thinks he's too grown up for these books, I think
Coronal Mass Ejection
Jewelry: Kabana Opal & Tanzanite Pendant, & Gold Teardrop earrings.
- Rubber bands
Thank you so much for stopping by today! I hope you really enjoy the Garden Tour Blog Hop1 ! I think the New stamp images are so Beautiful! I would love to hear what you think about the New stamps from JustRite. I hope you have a Wonderful Day!
An attic bedroom addition costing $50,148 was expected to recoup 72.5 percent of the cost nationally—inching up 0.3 percent from the 2010–11 report. The minor kitchen remodel also fared well, returning an estimated 72.1 percent of the nearly $20,000 job cost.
(he is single, ladies, andddd is 18...HEY, it's legal)
In the Nordic countries, the main day to celebrate is the 24th. Traditions vary, but in my family it has always been like this in short terms; waking up early and open up your stocking and having breakfast together, go to grandma and drink mulled wine, watch Donald Duck (huuuuge Swedish tradition) at 3 pm, eat loads of food, get gifts from Santa and then eat sweets and then go home with the bus. This year, we've had to make our own traditions, which actually feels really good. Since it's only the two of us, it has been a bit limiting, but we've made the best out of it. I'll write a post about our 24th and 25th once they're over, but I thought I'd share some sweets with you today.
Time changes ahead this Sat night, so it will be lighter longer in the evenings....Yahhhh!!!!!
violation of First Amendment protections, Republicans and conservatives
I have measured out my life with coffee spoons;
When it comes to conserving the country’s raptors, education is key – and that’s where Alpha and his buddies come in. These specially trained birds are used in daily flight displays to showcase their remarkable abilities, giving audiences a fascinating window into the world of these amazing avian acrobats.
2) let all your characters speak in the same manner. Especially watch out that they don't all speak like you. :)
Our Pastor, Marc Lawson, has dedicated all 5 of our kids. Here is everyone praying a blessing over Grant. He was so happy as always. We gave him the nickname "Smiley" as a baby because he was so joyful all of the time.
Friends, that's it. Please don't think I only make time for other bloggers. I'm a big-time slacker and a cheap date, so if you're ever coming for a visit and want to blow off a few hours, do shoot me an email. We can even go fabric "shopping."
Aside from the LOLcats and the dumbfounded face of Keanu Reeves, I keep seeing the “Most Interesting Man in the World” pop up. And I thought to myself, late last night after a round of whiskey, “Shouldn’t the site mascot actually hold that title? Aside from being batshit insane, he’s been a secret agent, a cowboy, a superhero, a lawyer, a decorated combat pilot, and a nuclear physicist.” And that was just in one year.
In other words, turning the study results into personal advice ends up turning patients away from what matters — their relationship with their doctor, which they can directly observe and act upon — and toward a superficial feature (weight) that might or might not contribute to it.
She smiled even brighter “Who are you?”
(A lot more shit happened, so I'll post the other half later this week!)
By KJ Mullins.
Well: maybe.
Add chicken broth,milk, yogurt, onion powder, black pepper and salt to flour, mixing until well blended and cook until thickened.
She was recently voted #14 on Time magazine's list of "140 Best Twitter Feeds" -- placing hers among the feeds that are shaping the conversation, the magazine hailed her "must-read" live Bachelor tweets, noting that "rarely has there been such an ideal pairing of material and writer." She can also be found on Facebook, and, in real life, Philadelphia, where she lives with her family.
But I read an article today and want to share it. The writing is delightful with phrases like “…a frenzied donnybrook fight…” and, “The first rule of understanding apocalyptic movements is this: If someone tells you the world is ending, believe them. Because for them, it probably is.”
I hope one day we get to meet in real life. But until then, I will enjoy our twitter/blog/facebook conversations and Draw Something/Words With Friends games...sometimes all the same time.
What did he expect? He gave it his best, but if he could beat her, he’d be a bloody legend.
Tosh, I say. Also, Pah!
the Revolution.
#97- Waste Not
He nodded to the two men behind her and their grip increased. Amber flailed, desperate to escape. It was impossible. She stamped on their feet, kicked their legs, wriggled with all of her strength, but they wouldn’t let her go.
Drowning in her tears
There are so many options to be looked at, but the problem is when the Premier League for example tries to implement this new law, they need the agreement from a large proportion of the 20 clubs. But can you see the top 4 agreeing to this? I think not.
I lurk. I do, I'm not ashamed. I go through online resources, I look longingly at blogs and pretty pictures. I get Better Homes and Gardens, I get ReadyMade and DIY Magazine. My regular trips around the interwebs include Instructables and Apartment Therapy. Those few names I dropped are a sad and sorely edited list, yet one I did so as to look less sad/geeky/lurkery than I am pleased to admit. True, I said I am not ashamed, but I do have limits. I am not crazy, just a nerd.
*Stone Double Bastard Ale
Diet is regarded as the first line of treatment in Chinese medicine; acupuncture and herbal treatments are used only after changes in diet fail to cure the problem. Chinese medicine uses foods to keep the body in internal harmony and in a state of balance with the external environment.
They asked them,
In my memory, I'm always sitting at the table in the dining room, looking out on the ivy-covered wall that separates the house from a busy road. The table is covered in a red and white checked cloth that doesn't quite match the raspberry-painted walls. The ironing board stands in one corner because there's nowhere else to keep it, and just behind where I sit is the bookcase with its shelves of books arranged by the colour of their spines.
It has been a few good days in Almaty and all the paper work is done so Asher can travel home with us. Yesterday we went to medical clinic so they could validate his health for the U.S. Embassy. He was a very good boy for the doctor and nurses; he didn’t even cry when they drew blood. Today we went to the U.S. Embassy to get his immigration documents and an entrance visa to the U.S. Once through immigrations in the U.S. he will officially be an American. So we are all set to travel home and Asher can not wait to see his sisters and brother. Actually we are all looking forward to be back home as one big happy family.
I like men with character; if they also happen to look good, the universe gets a lolly. Gargoyles and carbuncles have interesting features and histories, to some people, and ordinary men blend into backgrounds to create the foundations of that thing we call society. I always wanted a man who could do the backstroke and butterfly right through the sludge…the trouble with men like that is that they are fragile. All the men who captured my attention got broken and I had to leave, or die.
This post will be a comparison of Tallahassee to Portland. I’ll post some pictures too. Don’t worry, I will talk about my Moellership nonprofit soon! I start work next week and am meeting my coworkers tomorrow. I really hope I get to work on the CLASS (Creative Leadership Achieves Student Success) Project and that I get to research teacher preparation programs.
I know she will like this dish because it is meatless.
Ladies, please send your 1250 word Word document to author kristen dot lamb at g mail dot com. My web site is under construction so it has been a real mess catching up with all the contest entries. This e-mail should work fine.
The king of the goths Rick Owens was true to form for winter. Owens showed slouchy yet structured pieces with touches of leather and fur. Interestingly the collection had touches of Owen's S/S 2010 RTW Women's line--especially in the long triangular pieces of cloth hanging languidly from the front of outfits. The standout pieces came in the middle and the end. The fur pieces were well layered and luxurious while still remaining distinctly Rick Owens. The truly spectacular pieces came at the end of the show in the form of beautifully crafted cloud-like scarves hung long around the necks demanding complete attention.
April:The Administration’s FY02 budget declares that the size of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac is “a potential problem,” because “financial trouble of a large GSE could cause strong repercussions in financial markets, affecting Federally insured entities and economic activity.”
Cool, crisp, clean white tends to have a hint of blue, hence adding blueing to a load of white laundry. It makes it look cleaner. So use a super-pale blue or blue violet. bright-B000, muted-BV20, or B40. I'm using a B21 on the final picture since a B000 is a little bright.
"Hmmmm... I fancy a wee latte to keep me going"
Sometimes I feel like a broken record, when I explain to a young person who is irritated by their parent that, their parents love them and that’s why they freak out when the child is flunking school, dressing like a porn star or hanging out with the wrong crowd. It’s difficult for the child to just accept that their parent love them – because most parents actually don’t know their children.
Taking a shaking breath and lunging forwards, Jack holds the staff in his hand. A marvel of the ages, in the hand of a mortal. His breath stops.
Now after four hours of sleep we’re on the road headed to the UP. Crossing a five mile bride while I write this with lake Huron to my right and lake Michigan to my left. I’d like to dive in to that water. But I hear it will be a bit chilly.
That’s how it is with me. And so the bookshelves at home are heaving with books that I have bought in this way. One day a visitor came and said: “Gosh, you’ve read a lot of books!” But why would I keep books that I have read on my bookshelves? My library is a library of books that have been read by others (for the most part – occasionally I find a proof copy of a book that has not yet been released!) but not by me.
I was that close. And then I saw the photograph of my family hanging above the fireplace. I thought about them, and everything I had to lose, and the promises I had made all those years ago. And I threw the bottle against the wall.
Myth or legend: The myth of The Fates. Clotho, Lachesis and Atropos--the spinners and weavers and snippers of our lives who don't mind if a random thread of chance comes into their tapestry now and then.
She smiled, thinking that the doctor was going to accept her request.
I long to give her all my heart
so, Thailand (especially its military) is naturally not a stranger to this newest tactic, and we can see it is being quite actively employed by both sides (gov. and its opposition). although of course this Media war (including cyber warfare) is very much unequal, since undoubtedly army, gov. and those who back it have almost unlimited resources, unlike opposition.
But on the Internet I'm awesome. I say funny things, I make people laugh, I participate in forums and groups and I have friends. They love me here on the interwebz. Some even love to hate me. That's sort of awesome all on its own, you know?
Once you make a donation, their new total will be reflected right here on the blog!
But mostly I watched, I stopped for a minute and watched the Puerto Rican jabbing at the ether. He danced nimbly and feinted the punches of his invisible opponent. When he turned around I noticed he had white block lettering on the back of his faded black t. His shirt read: Anthony "The Nightmare" Castellano.
This will be my only post about a giveaway this month.
Renee Zellweger (One True Thing, A Price Above Rubies)
Easier said than done…at least I thought so at the time.
I was filled with joy this morning as I was able to tell him that I love him, face to face, on the way down Camelback Mountain. I tell him I love him every morning in a text message, yet realized that saying it to his face hadn’t happened over the last few days since he arrived. It felt good. And then to share with him the steps to preparing breakfast for the gang, and step back and watch him succeed in the venture…well…a papa couldn’t have been more proud.
E: Do you know what my favorite Holiday is J?
Keep the faith, Zak
And to keep the love alive we have a fantastic inspiration photo for you!
Using Louie's eyes, Mallory is able to come up with a device that puts a shocking electrical charge on "Fingers" that freezes him in his chair, so Louie takes advantage of the situation by giving "Fingers" the old Three Stooges nose job!
I thank Guayasamin for reminding me to make a difference and spread the love. I bought two of his prints and I’m hoping they are a constant reminder of his message.
During the holidays, the space between grows even wider for people like me (read: people with abnormally high expectations of themselves.) In my own mind, I'm supposed to host parties, make homemade food, have enough funds to buy each family member and friend the perfect thoughtful-yet-unexpected-present-that-each-person-was-missing-from-their-lives-yet-didn't-think-to-ask-for, make quality time for my loved ones (not just buy them perfect presents, that's shallow), and constantly express the Christmas Spirit while others are driving me crazy with a lack of their own. The natural sadness that comes during the holidays is to be shoved down and carols are to be sung even louder, otherwise I'm a Grinch.
It is not the first time uniformed forces personnel have suffered abuse while in public.
*By sharing this photo any accusations of vanity now become null and void.
Recently a friend routed around on my behalf in search of my house keys.
i AM NOT GOING TO DISCUSS ANY POLITICAL ISSUE WITH YOU, UNTIL YOU MAKE A DECISION WHETHER YOU ARE INTERESTED IN LISTENING, REALLY FUCKING LISTNEING WITH EVERY FUCKING CELL OFYOUR BEING, AND YOU TELL ME AND MAKE A COMMITMENT THAT IS WHAT YOU WANT TO DO.
I used Tracey's "star" image which I colored with my Copics. I used some paper from my CTMH stash which I sponged with Barn Red. I added some nailhead brads, twill ribbon and stamped "THANKS" from one of my many thank you stamp sets. All papers and embellishments are CTMH.
It's stressful in there.
Han Sofrasi was advertising a lunch special, £6.50 for the dish of the day with rice and bread. It was pushing 2pm so I was ravenous and the offer of double carbs appealed. Inside I was pleased to find a proper Turkish grill house, massive charcoal grill in situ.
Because it wasn’t always this way.
So, I'm trying through this Christmas. Other than our big gifts to each other, Del and I have finished our shopping. Wednesday we are going with some dear friends to see Trans-Siberian Orchestra in concert, and I'm sure that will lift my spirits. Thursday evening we get to deliver our goodies, and then we are whisking ourselves away to stay at the hotel at a local casino for Christmas. We'll have dinner, do a little gambling, maybe a drink or two for me. Then when we wake up in the morning, we're planning on seeing a movie or two in their theater - Holmes for sure. Yes, it's unconventional, and we won't be with family. But family is the last thing I need this year. Del is the only family I want or need right now. I can't wait to spend that time together as a couple, no worries, no real life around us, just the two of us.
Of course ours:
Sometimes I think age is a purely relative thing. I met this man this afternoon, explained the nature and the goal of this project, and he replied, "but I'm not a stranger, most people in the city know who I am", in a lighthearted and vaguely amused kind of way. His way of speaking was eloquent but also quite modern in some ways.
Original Air Date: September 25, 2011
2-3 Chikoos/Sapota/Sapodilla (cut into small bite-size pieces)
La Cita opened in 1940, and the new building with the sombrero-shaped entrance opened right across Route 66 in 1961. It closed in 2004 but reopened in 2006.
In the bloody aftermath of the attack, the world was left awestruck in how well Iran countered the offensive. After witnessing the debilitating injuries Iran caused the US the smell of blood coming from a wounded prey turned China, Russia and India into unrelenting prisons.. Hundreds of thousands of Russian and Chinese sleeper agents within the United States were activated. The Chinese triggered the kill switches they built into all US civilian and military computers and electronic devices and the US military quickly realized they should have taken their US made only mandate more seriously. The rise of globalism and the intricacies of the global financial markets was another Achilles heel. China unleashes their assassins mace launching attacks on US military bases and naval assets in the Pacific within a matter of hours.
The whole business of marketing your own books is a strange one and there are some people out there who have had a lot more experience than I have had. You must be prepared to tell people how good you think the latest one is and most of us are writers rather than promoters. Still,it's all part of the brave new world,I suppose!
7. Three minutes later, an SUV pulls up and this really fit dude pops out of the truck and comes barreling towards us. I see that he has his fist cocked a little. I put my daughter down and send her to go and play, which she was grateful for. I could feel just how tense and anxious she became. This guy comes up and started screaming at me. Before fatherhood, I would have gone at him, but I have been trying to change that part of myself; violence is a social ingredient that I am weaning myself from. When he finally paused, I asked him did he think that yelling and threatening me was going to do any good? I then asked him why neither he nor his wife had asked Miriam what had happened. I then asked them, “If I were a white dude, would you still think that I pushed your daughter?” That stopped them. All this time that the silly adults are going at it, little Miriam is clinging to her mother’s legs, terrified. “Your daughter fell, and I helped her up.” I focused on the mother: “And if you weren’t so busy looking at your phone, if you were actually parenting, you would have seen what happened. Better yet, it might not have even happened if you were playing with us.” Then I looked at the dad: “I can appreciate your concern, but if this is how you react to situations you know nothing about, you might get hurt. If this was two years ago, I would have beat the shit out of you for yelling in my face and pretending like you were going to do something.” I then bent down and asked Miriam if she was okay. She looked at her parents, and then at me, and nodded. I took out a wipe and wiped her scraped cheek. “Does it feel better now?” She nodded. I gave her dad the dirty wipe, and went to go and play with my daughter.
Agilo are the company that forced us in administration over a loan by Simon Jordan that they are worried will not be paid. They are owed about 5 million from what I have been reading. Jordan is "owed" 20 million and the other 5 million is owed to tax man and other clubs I believe.
The letters are telling and show that Osama bin Laden’s hope for a universal caliphate ruled by sharia (Islamic law) is not an idle pipedream.
In an open letter addressed to the Prime Minister of India and other officials, about 250 concerned activists, academics, intellectuals, students, professionals and democratic organisations have demanded immediate medical attention for the Adivasi school teacher, Soni Sori, 35, currently in custody in Raipur Central Jail, Chhattisgarh. Sori’s condition is believed to be rapidly deteriorating as a result of torture and sexual abuse at the hands of the Chhattisgarh police. She is the mother of three young children. Signatories to the letter include members of the National Advisory Council Harsh Mander and Aruna Roy, writers Arundhati Roy and Meena Kandasamy, respected economist Jean Dreze, Supreme Court advocate Prashant Bhushan and renowned intellectual Noam Chomsky.
That's a little bipolar humor, y'all. Think about it for a minute...
18. Adopted a soldier. Adoptaussoldier.org is an awesome website, where they link you up with a soldier stationed overseas. I mailed my soldier a care package filled with everything from soap to socks to double-stuffed oreos, as well as a thank you card expressing my gratitude for his service to our country. I definitely plan to continue to send care packages until he is home. Also, the website recently had an influx of soldiers sign up, so if you are interested in adopting a soldier, now's the time!
This only happens in Buenos Aires. In the other provinces speak well and say yo, lluvia or llegar. But knowing this, you will better understand the language.
COMMUNITY ROOTS CHARTER SCHOOL
he appeared to me.
(And the chances for a miracle are about equal for either.)
My sister (in Chicago) bought some of the snack packs. I tried 3 flavors and loved them. They were great while I was traveling around last weekend.
The Vermilion Boys Tennis team opened up their season yesterday with a 3-2 victory over the Huron Tigers Monday evening. Winning for the Sailors were the doubles team of Eddie Adkins and Tim Niehart, and singles players Kevin Cole and Chaz Hansen. Good job guys. The Sailors tennis team plays at home tonight versus Bay Village.
The code in the Wilton windmill ‘sails’ looks a little like binary code but it reminds me more of either a computer disk image or, even older, the workings of a Swiss music box. I remember listening to a Victorian pianola in a resort hotel as a child. Its workings fascinated me. By inserting a large metal disk precision cut with a specific series of holes, slurs, slits and bumps, it operated like the miniature musical box but on ‘carnie’ carnival scale. The pianola took up a whole corner of the room. Like a jukebox it blared out its music hall rhythm the minute the ‘reading’ needle hit the disk. I seem to remember the music played a lot longer than current pop three-minute renditions… but memory sometimes tricks. The Wilton windmill formation looks a lot like a pianola disk, 300 feet across!
Kieran, my first born son flew out to Arizona by himself and will be there for 8 days. He has a wonderful opportunity to meet some family members and visit places like the Grand Canyon. I am happy for him!
Cardstock: Bazzill Basics Prismatics
and your soul will delight in the richest of fare.
Welcome new followers! Feel free to leave comments, I love them and smile when I read them. Anonymous comments are also accepted in case you aren't signed in or found me from another blog site.
This is definitely a vein of questions that will determine how sports will be played/expressed in an a New System of Equality.
HSN’s PR Department answered our question about whether hosts Chris Scanlon and Alicia Perez are gone from the home shopping network.
At some point or another, things will break in your home. You could try to fix them yourself, but many times, it’s best to leave the job to a professional.
I know you rider, gonna miss me when I'm goneSome time around 1934, the musicologists and folklorists John and Alan Lomax heard a young African-American woman, in prison for murder, sing a verse from a song they came to call "Woman Blue." The Lomaxes found other verses of "Woman Blue," which may be over a hundred years old, and published the lyrics in their book American Ballads and Folk Songs. The "rider" of the lyrics is either a man or a woman; the term possibly finds its origins in images of mounted prison guards.
Another when you want to shop, share, heal, hurt, joke, or just be.
I opted for BCS (Those of who don’t know BCS is Bachelor of Computer Science), hoping things will turn good. I was pretty decent in programming but as usual teachers ruined the interest and I was badly depressed in my graduation also. During my grad some of my friends introduced me to Alt Rock, Punk and the distorted guitars swayed me to the guitar classes. And this was the real beginning for discovery of real me. Guitar studies helped me realize that apart from Classical, Rock(the mainstream rock, not to be confused with the real Van Halen or Jimi Hendrix rock), Pop entities like Grunge, Metal, Blues, Jazz also exist and I found them really authentic.
Beyond the obvious, I’d say that there’s a very unique charm this film has that I feel has gone missing from most current movies. It’s romantic in a sweet way without being sarcastic or saccharin. It took me back to an innocent time, watching it I felt swept up by its magic – which is part of what drew me into wanting to make movies in the first place.
That could make the pain
-2 leeks
We were wowed by the remoteness as soon as we arrived, based on lush farmland, with sheep roaming in the foreground and mountains looming in the distance. The garden was phenomenal - huge, completely fenced in with a swing a little bike and toy tractor which left the Littlest Hobo desperate to get out and play all day. There were adult bikes too and a basketball hoop, and a vegetable and herb garden and fruit trees to help ourselves from. I mustn’t forget the longest washing line ever - perfect timing given the huge bag of dirty washing we were carting around, and better yet I could satisfy my inner cavewoman watching our smalls flapping in the wind as the sheep grazed nearby.
Here’s a little twist for those meat and potato country boys; it’s what I call Country Boy Jambalaya.
Seeing my Mom for the first time in a year. And seeing my sister for the first time in over 3 years.
Most of my time is spent at work or commuting to and from work, but my head is with my young women. Always. There are few moments of the day when I am not thinking, praying or talking about them. I don't have children but I can see how parents can't stop talking about their children and just focus on themselves during a date because Ryan and I talk about them all of the time. Though my stress level is at an all-time high, I wouldn't have it any other way.
have weakened their systems
1 cup Greek wine
3. Hundreds of emails and text and they all blame me.
Despite, once again, not being the target audience, I found myself in many ways relating to Finley in her issues with anxiety and trying to make everything perfect. The story was so well written that aside from the characters ages and a few typical teen themes, it could really be enjoyed by a much larger (and older) audience as well. I always love books that paint a great picture in my head of the places I'm reading about and I must say that this was definitely one of those. Several times throughout the book I found myself telling my husband that I'd love to go to Ireland one day!! Overall, I really enjoyed this book and I look forward to reading more by the writer!
Friday I could not speak without sobbing and wailing, and could find no comfort in daily life. Finally, a phone call from a blessed friend assured me that “gratitude is greater than grief” and Miss Kitty’s message to me was to think of her as a “voluptuous being” who chose me (“Damn right, I did!”) and to know that beneath the horrible pain of loss rests the eternal love we shared for over a decade.
Today is all about a sinful potato salad that when you sit down at the dinner table, you better have your shoes on 'cause folks, this one is so good, it will knock your socks off. Creamy, it's like biting into a deviled egg stuffed potato. Whoa, now that's an idea for a whole 'nother recipe.
pants: anthro
And I use the word "reincarnating" very deliberately rather than "resurrecting". So, has anyone done this?
Tyger! Tyger! burning bright
FXDD
If you can find stillness in the midst of one of the noisiest, most crowded, most frantic intersections in all of New York, then you have tasted one (or all) of the three final limbs of yoga as outlined in Patanjali’s Yoga Sutras: dharana (concentration), dhyana (meditation), samadhi (absorption). The opportunity to experience one-pointed focus in the midst of myriad distractions will be put on public display on Monday, June 21st, 2010: this year’s date for Times Square Alliance’s annual Solstice in Times Square.
I can remember when I swore we’d be different. Sitting on our stylish (if battered) brown leather sofa, patting my humongous bump, I surveyed our living room. OK, so it would never appear in a home interiors magazine, but with its Orla Kiely accessories and the one-off pieces we’d accumulated on our travels, it had a kind of shabby charm “We’re not going to be a couple who just let their kids take over”, I said, while my husband nodded sagely. Our home wouldn’t be engulfed by a mountain of lurid plastic. Instead, our kids were going to enjoy playing with just a few wooden toys. Move our ornaments to out of reach places? No way! We’ll just leave them – it’s a good way for Junior to learn that no means no. And we weren’t going to install those ugly stairgates, either - we’d just have to keep a close eye on our kids.
In summary, the book aims to sell the reader the benefits of the vegan lifestyle. It may not be for everyone, and there are other things shared in the book that could benefit people in general:
The Concord grape offers not only natural antioxidants, but also a mix of plant nutrients (polyphenols), which could benefit heart health. Including heart healthy food in our kids’ diets is not only essential to their growth and development, but I’m told it could also shift the trend of nearly half of all Americans who still don’t eat the recommended daily amount of fruits and vegetables.
Holly had this idea since Christmas when one of the stores had a set of Russian Dolls in their gift range. We used a goose, chicken, duck and (plastic) quail egg to get the dolls sizes, and after I drew the outlines for her, she painted all the colours. I love it so much, I think I'll keep it to display every Easter!
Later that night, he had to be looking around at these guys. I bet that’s when the fears crept in. Did I really hear God? Did he say to keep the ones who lapped or were they the ones I should have sent home? Look at that guy over there. He’s scrawnier than me! And he’s still got water dripping off his beard and that goofy grin on his face. Oh man, what was I thinking?
The view from the top is spectacular - especially to see the fleets of ships 'taking a break' near harbor in the South China Sea.
De plakparels en het lint en kant komen bij HobbyVision weg. Dames dank weer voor jullie bezoekje en tot de volgende keer! Ik ga lekker in de tuin zitten onder de parasol. Wat een hitte zeg!
31. Ho Boy, Caincha Line? (Lining Track) - Henry Hankins
I make it many different ways depending on what I have in the house (sweet potatoes, butternut squash, potatoes, apples past their prime), but it never contains any cream or milk. I usually dose it with cayenne pepper, though you could skip that and top it with some sizzling almonds or toasted pistachios. If you have a lot of apples to use, add a teaspoon of apple cider or balsamic vinegar to balance the sweetness.
Recommendation 13 is even more mendacious: investigate “non-crimes”!!! This totalitarian device criminalises everything and allows the politicised police to investigate any aspect of our lives they choose. Multi-racialism and totalitarianism are indivisible. As in Yugoslavia under Tito, a multi-racial society can only work totalitarian methods.
On March 14, Bush and Tony Blair gave up on securing enough Security Council votes to invade. Bush told the inspectors to leave so they wouldn’t get in the way of the invasion. Blix and his able crew left under protest, and March 17, Bush gave Saddam 48 hours to leave the country. The invasion commenced.
My triumpant return to my second season of adult pick up volleyball… well, most of us were a bit rusty not playing all summer. I noticed my jump had improved, after all I’ve got less weighing me down than before!!! However, it will take time to rebuild accuracy. I’ve always joked that if a ball comes anywhere near me I can promise a hit but the direction afterward is totally a different matter.
in the store. I'm running all of them 20% off through February and the Bundle is 50% off! The mini is free and you can find it in my store by clicking on the preview below.
I'm fortunate in that my house backs onto farmland which then becomes the North Somerset Levels before falling into the sea at Sand Bay on the Bristol Channel. From the spare bedroom window, where this view was taken, I can see the Black Mountains in Wales on a good day, but often foxes padding about the field.
A grotty, grizzly day greets me as I draw back the curtains. I groan inwardly, grabbing my gear to get ready for my run. My tired old legs try to pretend they don't understand the instructions I am giving but by the time I reach the Granville Road corner they are resigned to another gruelling task. On and on they trudge, with gritty determination, only coming to grinding halt when they have finally completed the circuit. Great going legs!
travel through time in the same way as we walk down the street or fly to Atlanta; the devices involve some kind of sudden leap or jolting transference. The process is instantaneous, or nearly so. We go there in Deloreans or weird tubes (12 Monkeys) or telephone booths or even hot tubs. I sort of doubt, however, that time travel (assuming it’s possible) would work that way. I kinda think that Wells, for all his antiquity, had the better theory.
His career as a prolific painter of profiles, which I covered in Part 2 of this series, was relatively straightforward to document. A series of newspaper advertisements and trade directory entries from 1809 to 1833 is supported by an impressive body of extant signed work, often with trade labels, an example of which I even managed to purchase for myself (pictured above).
In my opinion, it is the same reason that C.S. Lewis’ series, THE CHRONICLES OF NARNIA remains popular around the world — it is the ageless struggle of GOOD versus EVIL in the form of characters with whom the average person is able to relate.
When people find out you are having a hard time as a new mom, they start to tell their secrets. How they felt depressed too. That helped me so much to know I wasnt this selfish girl who was the only one who felt these things. I remember when Drew was about 5 weeks old, i had just finished giving her a bottle. I set the bottle down and looked down and she smiled so big at me, looked me straight in the eyes, and then let out a little sigh. My heart skipped a beat. It was the first time she ever smiled. She had smiled in her sleep but she never smiled purposely before that moment. It was the first time I felt that love, that everyone talks about. It takes a newborn a few weeks to smile at you. And when they do, you will know that they like you!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) Its the best. That day was the first day i felt truly connected to her. And little by little your days get easier, you get to know them more. Drew will be two next month, and I will say I still have "those days" every once in a while when I wish I was free again. But my love has grown through the roof for drew. She's my little friend. I want her in my life. I'm so glad I have her. Dont know what i'd do without her. All the sad days were very well worth it. She's my squarshy baby lovers :) So the love at first site didn't happen for me. My love for Drew grew bigger everyday. The more I got to know her the more I loved her. :)
we are so excited to share it all with you.
MAKE SURE TO KEEP UP WITH THE LOOK WHAT'S NEW LINK ON THE SIDE FOR SOMETHING NEW IS ALWAYS IN THE WORKS! I have lots of contests and product reviews planned and I list everything there.
In the innocent early '60s there was a sentimental pop song, a duet between "Paul" and "Paula." I think all wholly or partially Latin-derived languages have some given names with masculine-feminine variants. But why only some names and not others?
Sun, 11:15pm: Why did this happen to me? Why am I living 3600 miles from home?? Why am I alone?? Wtf am I doing?
Deputy Richard Boyd Barrett: <U+FFFC> <U+FFFC> I did not make any comment about women.
BIG BILDERBERG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU
To haunt us with their truth.
2. Add the garlic, potato, bay leaf, paprika and stir around for a few minutes (don’t let the garlic burn)
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to be preoccupied with the picture as who I believe I am and who I believe others are not realizing that I am distracting myself from what is happening behind the scene where all decision are made, from where the act of picture puppets is directed and where I am as well directing the “play” yet I refuse to see that as I am too preoccupied with watching the puppet show
April 20th:
The charm of knowledge would be slight, if there were not so much embarrassment to overcome on the route to knowledge.
On the way home Geeta decides she doesn’t want anything to do with the crazy fat lady and escapes, ending up hiding in a car with Dr Ravi (Sanjeev Kumar) in a coincidence that is only ever possible in Bollywood. Dr Ravi has already met Seeta as a possible marriage candidate and at the time wasn’t impressed at the way Kaushalya presented her niece, but he finds the new ‘Seeta’ intriguing and the two end up falling in love.
I figured the best course of action was to meet them halfway, adopt a neutral stance, and let them speak first. See, I told you I’ve been working on it. What happened shook me. They were nice. They were more than nice; they were apologetic. They gave me the history of their son’s behavior and how his comeuppance was long overdue. That it was delivered by a tiny little thing made it all the more poetic. While we laughed and made small talk, I couldn’t stop thinking that our laughter and easy conversation was an endorsement of violent behavior. I mentioned this, and it kind of killed the mood. They awkwardly disengaged themselves, and my wife and I were left with how to redefine and appropriately teach what justice was. Like that would be easy.
Since my office is literally minutes away from Ramen Jinya, I didn't want to take up stomach space when I have such easy access any day of the week. However, its rich, nuanced Tonkotsu broth lured me in, and after Designer Cyclist and hubby headed home, I snuck back to end the show with just one more bite (and sip), hard won through sheer force of willpower (my jeans were seriously in danger of splitting at that point). It was well worth it, and a nice belly-warming finish to an amazing experience.
It begins weeks before the actual day, when the teacher distributes brown paper bags for the children to decorate. (Posh teachers get white bags now!) The use of paper doilies, crayons, and all manner of trims and embellishments were used. Naturally, your name would be quite prominent!
Maybe you haven't watched mecha anime, its a niche where the writers of newer robot shows grew up on beloved classic robot shows and inject their writing with homages to those classics. Gurren Lagann is the best example of that, an enjoyable stand-alone show made better by tons of homages to Getter Robo and many Gainax anime. While younger fans enjoyed it for the show itself, older fans found a deeper enjoyment in all the references. Before calling out a rip off, consider the context. (ex: Scales' back story flashback to his origin is an homage to Killer Croc's original origin (before he got re-written a bunch), brought to life in a fun way. "No cake for you!")
After two weeks of trying every possible natural remedy to induce labor, and even scheduling to be induced... Archer made it very clear that only he would decide when he was coming into the world.
"Go ask your father. I think he's in the garage."
The final chapter will be putting laminate flooring down just as soon as I can match what is already on the main floor of my house. This should be interesting...never installed flooring before. Then again, I haven't done a lot of the stuff that I am learning to do.
1 fear
Now, Jimmy Falon is funny, so if I make the mistake of not turning off the television early on, I’m sucked into his silliness. But I’ll pull out the computer, check email and some online news sources, more winding down, then I get to the work itself.
As an adult, marriage, work and raising two sons took priority. And while I fell madly in love with reading romance, there wasn’t much time to write it. It’s amazing how much corporate life, soccer games, high school musicals, dinner and laundry can suck out of the average day. But I would occasionally dabble in writing, then put it aside when I got busy. Unfortunately, I was always busy.
And so we come finally the story of the movie. Its obvious Seve Schelenz as a precise idea what he wants to be shown, and yet the presentation of the story is both the movies strength and the ultimate weakness of this movie. People will watch this movie and adore everything, the reveal at the end will get them talking, and theories will be talked about days after. It may seem simple to begin with but to really delve into the richness of the story you have to do the work yourself, this movie doesn’t hold your hand and doesn’t serve up answers easily. Yet at what point does a film move from being subtle with its answers and just being frustrating? Thinking of this movie in reference to the mass audience, I can see people getting to the end and hating the movie.
From where we sit (in a plush purple love sac) being educated means being able to understand the question presented and thoroughly knowing enough relevant information to make a reasoned argument. It’s in making a reasoned argument, not facts, this is our key message today. What ever happened to learning to think and express ones thoughts in a persuasive way?
Bracken*
Disputed Texts
This bathroom was a real piece of work, let me tell you.
I have always been a night owl. I sleepwalk through most mornings, functioning just enough to get my kids ready for school, and not crash my car into a tree getting them there. Many morning people have tried to convert me, all with no success. Here’s how the conversation usually goes between me and a typical early bird:
Towns to watch for the next 3 days…. severe weather possible in the center of each ring… and the towns with the ring/square combination, watch out in particular.
I've heard many authors don't get cover approval for their first book. Did you? If not, did you have concerns about ensuring the cover fits the story?
I think that this was probably two coats with some sort of top coat. I don't usually mind the weird Borghese brush, but I had difficulties with the formula. It was such a thick cream that even brand new, it just wanted to goop.
But lay an Opal on her breast,
-Vacuum up the area you are working when you are done as the shards can fly anywhere!
Soon a rabble of priests and soldiers showed up with swords to take Jesus away. Judas was among them and pointed him out. His disciples ran away and Jesus was left to face his tormentors alone.
And our first of ten points we will cover this year is… Get A Diary.
Following a series of stress tests earlier this year assessing banks’ ability to withstand a fresh financial crisis, the central bank has asked lenders to set aside more cash for bad loans and to double provisions for restructured debt, after warning that non-performing assets could rise by 25 per cent this year to 2.92 per cent of total portfolios. By comparison, bad loans at US banks last year stood at 3 per cent of total loans, according to Moody’s data.
Ultimately Eli wrote his book so that his children will know where he came from and also so that they would understand their grandparents background. "I wanted to recreate the city of my childhood which I loved so much and to keep it with me so I can hang it at night like I hang the book," he said.
How do you like it?
For more of Bryce Dessner on the most important albums of his life, check out the new March issue of Uncut, out January 31.
We will definitely do it again next year, and it will be on April 7 again (a Sunday), and it will be BIGGER. There will be more session beers available, there will be more participating bars and breweries, there will be more people supporting it.
After several patents appeared online Nikon has officially revealed a new 28mm f/1.8, successor to the AI-S 28mm f/2.0 from 1981 (and a superb performer optically that was generally underrated because of the focal length). I used to have one and it was a better performer optically than either the AI-S 35mm f2.0 and even the vaunted 35mm f/1.4, which I also owned. It was left on a F2AS permanently in preference to those lenses but it couldn't matched by any other wide-angle in Nikon's range.
The evaluation turns out easier than i expected. Ted seems quite happy to just talk to himself and I am quite happy to let him.
“For example, you must defend government policies, especially on ISA, explain to other diplomats Anwar Ibrahim’s ‘black eyes’, Mahathir Mohamad’s remarks on ‘shoot on sight’ rather than the word ‘shoo’ against the Vietnamese refugees, Bruno Mansur’s presence in Malaysia and on environment and so on.
She also finished an adorable Maxima Ruffled Mitt. This is a perky little project, and there is still time to whip some up. We love the flared ruffles on the cuffs.
outside of Auckland, New Zealand and it has been going strong ever since.
"I will decide who deserves punishment," he warned her.
I will consult with God and know that I will be guided to do what is needed.
So at least I didn't bonk because I'm a wuss. Just a moron.
Aside from going slightly over my allotted time (next time I do a panel presentation, I'm going to have a timer right in front of me), my only regret about SXSW Interactive has been not getting to fully immerse myself in it due to time-sensitive projects at work, gearing up for SXSW Music, Kate's busy schedule, tax preparation and wanting to see my son for a couple of hours over the weekend. There's a lot of potential synergy between emerging technologies and public health in everything from disease management to patient advocacy to data management. Here's hoping SXSW Interactive's embrace of health continues in coming years.
This is the first issue dating from May 1994. A4 size, 8 pages long it is characterised by a stark and visually striking approach and an uncompromising rhetoric.
Banks have pooled resources and cooperated to gather intelligence after learning of plans to picket 99 institutions and companies, followed by what organizers have described as an 8 p.m. “radical after-party” in an undetermined Financial District location.
Til then, let's discuss artwork. I've spent most of the week working on some custom artwork for the nursery. Here's a peek.
One thing I know from decorating is that there are always limitations. It doesn't matter if your budget is large or small, there are always limitations. We tried to stay within our limitations by doing everything we could ourselves and by keeping things SIMPLE.
* Repeat with the dark colors except use cold water.
Beer Blokes Gold Medal Beer Dinner at The Terminus Hotel
The only conservation organization working on marine issues in all U.S. coastal states and territories plus an additional 30 countries, The Nature Conservancy partners with fishermen to protect New England’s fisheries for the sake of healthy oceans and economically healthy coastal communities. Through 50 years of work in Massachusetts, The Nature Conservancy has protected more than 23,000 acres of important habitat from the coast to the mountains.
There is no rhythm. No plan.
When I call and tell my dad something, she always takes the phone or calls me back later to demand the 'girl version,' by which she means all the important details that might've slipped past my dad. She calls me a zillion times a week to talk about nothing--to scroll through my friend's wedding registry while she's reading the items aloud to me, to tell that my cousin got a new job, to tell me that she read this post on Apartment Therapy where there was a kitchen that reminded her of mine and did I see it and am I by my computer because I should look it up--because it matters to her to share these things. During the two interminable years she was remodeling her house, she would call at all hours to demand that I find my tape measure and measure out, say, the height of my countertops so I could tell her if I liked them and thought that was a reasonable height for her kitchen-to-be.
I actually showed this card at a recent workshop I had. I wanted to show off the Blossom Builders Designer Printed Kit that is in the Occasions Mini. I wanted to show how easy it is to use our kits to put beautiful cards together.
that I was just like them
Darn, I knew you were going to ask that.
I know I've kept you all in suspense for entirely too long about my recent adventures - apologies! I had no idea how exhausting the last weeks would be. But now I'm reflecting on a busy two weeks and a wonderful escape to London. But first - adventures!
"You remember what I told you the other day?" he asked Arvin.
I hit the water and I’m heading under.
"You bet I will."
I was hovering close to the edge, but I was pulled over. Thank God for that.
The Republicans are already making plans to have ANOTHER budget battle over the deficit. This will be in September.
returning on the day you left. Once mature,
99. XTC - Ella Guru (2:32)
Ok, enough of that! I'll clean it up now! Next was the Light Show which is held in the grand hall of Macy's. At one time there used to be fountains which moved along with the music, but I think it got to expensive to do that and they stopped them sometime back in 2001. Over the last 10 years parts of the display disappeared because it was literally falling apart, but now everything has been replaced by newer technology, but still being respectful of the original design of the show.
Sun, 1am: Drunk, tired, get yourself home. Get yourself to bed.
My mom and I had been to several places looking for that perfect dress. I was nearing the end of my rope. We decided to go to Phipps Plaza (which is an uppity mall here in Atlanta). We entered some boutique, which I am sure is closed by now, and began to look around.
I have tried. I’ve seen the movie more than once; aware, since my first viewing, of its eminence. This was director F.W. Murnau’s greatest American film—some say his greatest, period. Its in-camera effects, particularly in the film’s first half, conjured a world where the boundaries between fantasy and reality fell away. Viewers were, and still are, mesmerized by every brain-boggling scene, myself included. But I’m unable to divorce Sunrise’s technical brilliance from its story. It is about the fall, then heroic rise, of a sociopath.
It is a kind of balance that is his glory. He rides the drifts like an escaped ski. His course is the caress of the hill. His track is a drawing of the snow in a moment of its particular arrangement with wind and rock. Something in him so loves the world that he gives himself to the laws of gravity and chance.
Beer Log: May 9, 2009
Lately life has been out of control. I'm ten steps behind, hanging on by a thread, and just hoping my world stays together and life doesn't completely fall apart. I've slacked on training with my girls, let up on reading/studying God's word, I've put off going to the Lord in prayer, I push down the clothes in the hamper a little farther instead of starting a load of laundry, my kitchen floor is filthy, my desk is super unorganized, I haven't unpacked our suitcase from last week... and I've allowed these things to get under my skin. I feel out of control. I feel behind. I feel like a failure. What a great way to start the new year! :)
Grammy came to hang out with us on Wednesday and do a little shopping, so of course we hit up CPK (California Pizza Kitchen) for our favorite salads. Ryann always gets a kick out of drinking from a 'big kid' cup. Ryann and I were on our own Wednesday night, so when she requested a bath at 4:45, I figured why not. We spent a good 30-45 minutes just playing in the bath. Of course followed by a goofy mirror photo session. We ended our little girls' night watching Tangled and eating 'special' (s'mores) popcorn. Ryann was definitely a happy little camper.
Oh be still my heart! I seriously love newborn sessions so much, and it had been months since I'd done one previously. Not to be all melodramatic, but it felt like coming home :)
On Thursday, a friend of mine shared about a very impacting experience. (Everyone who saw the people in the room afterwards wondered what happened. They said we were all in a daze.) I realized that two of the people I loved, when something was happening to them, something crucial, something so terribly important, I didn’t even notice. I think maybe some people who claim to be antisocial are just selfish, so focused on themselves they couldn’t care less about the world around them. Or at least that’s how I was. I perfectly described myself in that poem…
On the afternoon of Thursday, May 10, the Cornell community is invited to attend a lecture, “Practical Approaches to Law and Diplomacy – A Brief Tour from Cornell to Thailand to the United Nations,” by Her Royal Highness Princess Bajrakitiyabha Mahidol of Thailand LL.M. ’02, J.S.D.’05. The princess returns to her alma mater accompanied by a delegation from the Thai Bar and the US Royal Thai Embassy, including fellow Cornell Law alum Kittipong Kittayarak, LL.M.’83, Permanent Secretary of Thailand’s Ministry of Justice.
Contrary to what the photos on these two layouts show I really am a caring, sympathetic mother. However, when the camera is ready to snap a photo I snap the photo. The good, the bad, the crying.
I love reading history, probably because it’s basically revised, cleaned-up, multiply-sourced journalism — often called the first draft of history.
Last night I was on the phone with her and finally got up the courage (Thank you, Los Vascos Cabernet) to bring it up. I told her that it really hurt to be told how I could and couldn't pray. I said that as far as I was concerned all deities are just different representations of the same force: Spirit, and that if I happen to pray to Spirit or the Universe it is the same as praying to Jesus. No Go. I am apparently being led astray by Satan's forces and if I pray that way, I will bring more harm than good. Really???
Her saintly calling is opposed by Satan. He would shatter the family unit and demean the worth of woman. He would triumph if one man would offend or fail to honor her, or if one woman would deny her infinite worth and behave beneath her dignity. The vulgar portrayal of her beauty as an object of lust, the vile invasion of her private purity, should provoke righteous indignation from all caring people. Elder Russell M. Nelson (“Woman—Of Infinite Worth”, Ensign, Nov. 1989, 20)
BTW: When “Home Alone 2<U+2033> came out, Roger Ebert stated that “cartoon violence is only funny in cartoons. Most of the live-action attempts to duplicate animation have failed, because when flesh-and-blood figures hit the pavement, we can almost hear the bones crunch, and it isn’t funny.”
Who and what is he dreaming about? I wonder.
Primus Too many puppies US
The evaluation showed that vaccinated children and unvaccinated children differed substantially only in terms of the lifetime prevalence of vaccine preventable diseases; as is to be expected the risk of such diseases is notably lower in vaccinated subjects.
to a scent of life
“Nevertheless please be advised that we cannot in good conscience consider any borrowing requests for any purpose until we arrive at a satisfactory resolution to Legislative redistricting,” the letter stated. “Until there is fair, non-partisan redistricting there will be no bonding.”
UMNO’s deportment on this matter is again hypocrisy. It’s all about getting votes in elections and to remain in power. The Opposition is not a threat to the MRI. It’s UMNO that fear losing power with the emergence of a strong Opposition. UMNO is now in a political doldrums.
The image above would have been one example of that except the original image had the background as black around the spires area (thank goodness! that would have been a difficult one to work on eitherwise.)
I think if I could afford to have someone else clean our floors every week I would do it! We have hardwood floors through out our entire house but one room. Yes they may seem easier to clean up spills and such, but man I think the day after I sweep the dust and hair balls are already forming!
EE: I read the book after I had already seen Blade Runner, and I was struck by how different it was—and to my mind, better. The thing that intrigued me about it was Mercerism, empathy, and their relationship to the symbol of the electric sheep—none of which appeared in the movie at all. The movie is of course an entity in itself, and groundbreaking in its own way, but it didn’t capture the heart of what the book said to me.
dragging his bone over town
He may be a man with a sandwich board in Oxford Street or an American Christianist who expects the Book of Revelation to happen tomorrow. But he’s equally likely to be a scientist warning about asteroid impacts, super-eruptions, molecule-sized robots turning everything into grey goo or, not so long ago, the descent of Earth into a new ice age. Taking all these possibilities into account, Sir Martin Rees, the great cosmologist, says humans only have a 50/50 chance of making it into the next century. Yeah, right!
In front of the back four the shape needs to be immaculate. If just one player isn’t covering enough ground or doesn’t have the awareness to close off space in the right areas there’s a knock-on effect, which quite likely would render the approach dangerously ineffective.
Census data from the fourth quarter of 2011 suggests that this is happening. While the nominal rate of construction of attached single-family starts remains low, 13,000 at seasonally adjusted annual rates for the end of 2011, townhouse construction increased in each quarter of last year.
3 ring binder groups
Or not. If you go down, few will mourn. We’ll be too busy, building a nation where moral choices are made visible.
Somehow I don’t look as glamorous as those 1960’s gals I remembered. Perhaps it’s the hairdo!
14 Later Jesus appeared to the Eleven as they were eating; he rebuked them for their lack of faith and their stubborn refusal to re-post Mary's status.
THAT'S ALL :)
how cruel.
I am extremely grateful for the life I am living. I am grateful for each and every day with "my girls". I miss you like crazy and I hope you are having fun up there. Please take care of the new little ones that are joining you. I know of at least two mommies that have lost their babies just this week. Those first moments, days and weeks are such a struggle but to know that our babies are safe in the arms of Jesus is at least a little bit of a comfort.
Retort will host an event on the closing day of the installation. On Sunday, April 4th between 2 and 5 o’clock, at the round table in front of the tapestry copy of Guernica (referencing Calder’s Mercury Fountain in the 1937 Spanish Pavilion), there will be a recorded discussion on the topic of terror against civilians as an instrument of modern statecraft and the failed efforts of popular movements to halt it. The conversation – between an invited panel and then opening to all in attendance – will be primed by a brief presentation, in front of the tapestry, of Retort’s case in Afflicted Powers that terror from the air is constitutive of modernity, and T.J. Clark’s argument in Picasso and Truth that Guernica registers a double mourning, for the Spanish republic in its death throes but also for an end to modern humanity’s hopes of a true space of belonging. In the light of this history – from Guernica to Gaza – what are the possibilities of renewal for an anti-war movement? If it was hard in 1937, how might “art against war” be conceived under contemporary conditions of spectacle and the new arsenal of image machines?
Level 42 Lessons in love UK
This lesson continues to remain in my heart. The doctors still don’t know what causes my depression, I’m still susceptible and I’m still weak, but when the disappointments and trials come, I’m no longer bewildered and confused. My first question isn’t “Why, Lord?” but instead “How, Lord?” I still feel my heart break within my chest, but I recognize now that the reason doesn’t change the reality. The path remains before me and my energy is best spent learning to walk it.
and the heartfelt feel of his hands as he holds you.
Happy Friday! I have had a crazy week. I was in Houston for three days, came home, had 10 women at my house, then Thursday was our anniversary. I'm pooped!! Jump on over to Mama Ms blog, and join the fun!!
Most of you wouldn't know this....but I played soccer (football) for a couple of years when I was in high school and I LOVED it! If I was fit enough I'd love to be playing it again! It's so much fun and great exercise.
The disparity was strong enough, the judge said, “as to support an inference of intentional discrimination.”
2. “Look both ways” before you act. How many heart aches could have been avoided this way?
The bartender gave me a half litre of Tuborg Classic in a Carlsberg glass. The colour is golden, and the beer was fizzier and had a larger head than Grøn Tuborg. The nose was dominated by malts. In the mouth the malts took the lead with a bready feeling and some hoppy bitterness. The beer was also more fullbodied than Grøn Tuborg.
it's work
So, just as a reminder, I'm going to be running this contest before each new book I write! So, if you didn't win this time, you have another chance for the next book in the Jolie series!!! More to come on that later...
In furniture, mirrored surfaces, inlaid woods, and exotic material such as shagreen (sharkskin) and zebra, along with exotic woods such as rosewood and ebony were favorites of Art Deco designers.”
Terry”Geezer”
Everyone safe.
Coronation Street: Alison King (Carla Connor)
André LeBel, CEO, SOCAN (Canada)
We’re getting close…there may actually be a light at the end of the tunnel. Of course it wouldn’t come without some dramatics prior to, but should we expect anything less?
This week and next at Observatory! Hope to see you there.
“I feel like we haven’t even talked today because of your rules,” he smirked, as I white-knuckle gripped the bar.
The new figures from a study by the Institute of Medicine have created a stir, especially the fact that one third of American kids born in 2000 is expected to become diabetic in their lifetime. Obesity now costs America $190 billion a year.
These two people do certain things to, with, beside, and for each other -- they interact.
Before life takes us to Turkey, we decide to take a family vacation to Washington State -- a place we hope to buy land in one day. You can see my big boot here as I recover from my triathlon-induced injuries. What a beautiful week.
Public ownership of the public sector and the infrastructure of the state is regarded as a good thing in Scotland, far less so across the UK, and the argument that the public sector drags down the private sector is contested vigorously here but appears to be accepted wisdom across the UK – even when the private sector turned to the public sector recently and begged for investment in massive public sector procurement projects to help the private sector. ‘Project Privatise UK’ which has appeared in many guises over the years has been met with increasing opposition in Scotland – even to the point of turning it back (the SNP Government, obviously, but don’t forget that the last administration did their bit with things like the Skye Bridge). While there continue to be moves afoot in the UK to toll roads Scotland has removed tolls from bridges because they are part of the roads network (again, the SNP Government with panache but the previous mob also got into the act with the Erskine Bridge).
These examples combined with Flit’s marriage to a woman he loves but was not in love with, goes some way toward explaining his actions at the start of Asemu’s story. The only way Flit knows how to be a dad is not to be there.
gilli moon’s Songsalive! L.A Showcase@ Genghis Cohen
During a recent renovation, I found myself in possession of more than a few old doorknobs. If you know me at all, you know I hate to throw anything out. Not that I’m a hoarder but I just can’t justify discarding something that still has some use left in it! So, with that in mind, I took a long hard look at those doorknobs and came up with a pretty nifty idea for a coat rack. Find a piece of wooden plank or board that can’t be finished with a nice wood stain or paint. Then, simply screw the door knobs onto the board in even intervals and voila! Brand new coat rack! If you’re the artsy-crafty type, you can take advantage of the “empty canvas” the board provides you and get really creative.
So what's in store for May? I'll be back at the I Heart Market this month after a brief reprieve. Come and visit me on Saturday, the 5th May. Then I have another Gift Wrap Course running on Saturday, 12th May and I have a Teambuilding Gift Wrap Course with Investec on the 18th May. So much to look forward to!
I'll tell you what, from now on when I am running the weedeater I am really going to scout out bushes and overhanging trees and look for these gray nests. I do have to admit that the hornets are beautiful a black and ivory body and the nest has the most beautiful swirls and silvery colorings I have ever seen but I think that I prefer to see them on the internet......definitely NOT in person!!!
I also kind of missed working out with my husband.
It wasn't all doom and gloom though, as some days the shadows applied perfectly, without any sheerness or chunking up. The above look with Sailor Moon on the lid and Sailors Mars and Venus in the crease was my favourite look that I created with the products - it was just one of those days where everything worked, and my makeup didn't try to fight my face for once. I also really liked the look below that I did with Millennium Falcon on the lid over a silver gel liner, with no chunking to be seen!
One evening, we were chatting about whether we thought we'd cry during our wedding ceremony, and Alex admitted that he hadn't cried since he was ten years old. "Guys are taught to hold in tears," he explained. "As a little kid, you don't want to be labeled a cry baby by your friends. I quickly learned to be stoic." And that lesson stuck: He hasn't shed a single tear since then, even when his father died.
My kiddos are not weird, at least, I do not think they are. They are certainly not mal-adjusted. We do not school in our PJs. We have a set schedule and stick to it. I am certainly not a control freak. There is no militia here (even if my boys are obsessed with guns and hunting). And, my kiddos are social butterflies. They love to be around and interact with others. The misbehave...the whine...they fuss with one another...they are incredibly smart...they amaze me...they make me crazy...they make me happy...They are typical children. Everything about them is typical. Everything about them is extraordinary. They are mine and I might be a little biased and that is alright, because they are mine. I love them without end. Amen.
Decentralisation Minister Greg Clark said:
Description: The male, peacock, is predominantly blue with a fan-like crest of spatula-tipped wire-like feathers and is best known for the long train made up of elongated upper-tail covert feathers which bear colourful eyespots. These stiff and elongated feathers are raised into a fan and quivered in a display during courtship. In Buddhist philosophy, the peacock represents wisdom. An interesting tip bit: In the 1890s, the term "peacocking" in Australia referred to the practice of buying up the best pieces of land ("picking the eyes") so as to render the surrounding lands valueless.
Auster has written some more. No answer to my points. He is more interested in speculating about my pseudonym. Really. He says my thinking works like an anti-semitic computer program.At the core of the program is the false epiphany: “Now I see it! The Jews are responsible for everything that has gone wrong with the West, the Jews are the enemy, and everyone is covering this up, and I alone have the courage to reveal this truth and call the Jews to account.”So he thinks I’m an automaton. An inferior whose arguments he must exaggerate in order to make them sound unserious. I think this means I will not be getting any substantive answer.
"like you dont know"
Later Gezi saw that Mungate was not wounded. He said, “Let us chase the army of tsicia” But they did not catch him as he had already crossed the Nyaguwe River. hotly was killed, because all the people on both sides had eaten the medicine called
1 apparatus
The Express coat is designed to protect you from the elements; it’s made from a light material, but offers structure.
04. Hear My Love (Chuck Witherow, Jim Tolliver) - 5:12
Press garlic with a garlic press and mix in a pinch of salt, mix together well with the back of a spoon. Combine the garlic and salt with the coconut milk, curry paste and brown sugar in a small bowl. Stir in the lemon juice and dried cilantro, then whisk in the oil. Let stand while you prepare the rest of the salad. Adjust to taste before pouring on salad.
5. Thermoreactive clothing
The evidence shows that changes in tax rates that fall within the ranges that policymakers are debating have little impact on high-income individuals’ decisions regarding how much to work. As Leonard Burman, former head of the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center (TPC), recently testified, “Overall, evidence suggests [high-income Americans’] labor supply is insensitive to tax rates.”[2] A marginal rate increase may encourage some taxpayers to work less because the after-tax return to work declines, but some will choose to work more, to maintain a level of after-tax income similar to what they had before the tax increase. The evidence suggests that these two opposing responses largely cancel each other out.
Before the Act, IP that was developed at institutions such as universities was dealt with under the general IP statutes, such as the Patents Act 1978, the Designs Act 1993, and the Copyright Act 1978. The new legislation is of utmost significance to research institutions, as well as to any entity that is considering embarking on collaborations with such institutions or even with individuals at such institutions. In every case where there is use of public finance, for example in the form of professors' wages, office space, use of facilities, or use of existing IP, the Act will kick in. Potential donors and collaborators need to be alert to the fact that even if they are contributing significant resources to a research project with a local university or institution, anything less than funding on a full cost model, will result in a severe curtailment of the ability of the funder to decide on the status of the resultant IP.
The park has rustic cabins, most built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in the 1930s. We have our own favorite cabin perched on the edge of the mountaintop with a wonderful view of the valley below. We can enjoy beautiful sunsets without leaving the deck of the cabin.
The gnostic or arcane/occult view might hold that everything we know and can know is a co-creation of the mind of the universe and our individual minds – that the universe needs us for its knowing as we need the universe for ours, and that that is a continual and continuing process of co-evolution.
ancient breath of incense
Hello, happy morning, and welcome to The ThINKin' Spot! Today is a very special day, indeed, because we're celebrating the birthday of the very sweet, and talented Angelica Suarez with a birthday blog hop! If you arrived here from the very creative Heather Hoffman's House Built of Cards Blog, then you are hopping along in just the right order, but if you just happened along, then head back to the beginning of this hop at Kathy's blog so that you can start from the very beginning and not miss one wonderful creation along the way! Here's the card I made to celebrate Angelica's birthday, and it will soon be on it's way to her. I know, I know... It'll be late, but better late than never. At least that seems to be the way I roll, lately.
On April 19th 2012 I attended International trade Seminar at WORLD CHAMER OF COMMERCE at 200 Peachtree. The founder of the Chamber is Solange Warner – an amazingly strong and visionary woman who cares most about standing up against human traffic.
He moved on to saying that he was happy to see the NEA come and happy to see it go. Because Nixon, he generalized, ruined everything by tripling art funding. This was bad because it cut out the dealers and the artists and promoted the institutions. This was the advent of “non commercial art” that can only exist in a museum.
Mix lemonade concentrate and powdered sugar.
“Unless you are initiated by a bona fide spiritual master in the disciplic succession, the mantra that you might have received is without any effect.”
Why I chose this book: Because Patterson's books are quick to read and usually entertaining.
“You’re all alone?” the lieutenant glanced around the tent.
I have grand plans for this summer.
As I have already stated in the course of this opinion, in connection with another phrase of this case from January to June, 1941, President Quezon had issued at least eight Executive Orders in the exercise of his emergency powers, by authority of Commonwealth Act 600. From this it is evident that he did not share the majority view, because despite his having made his report to the Assembly in January, 1941, and even before the enactment of Commonwealth Act No. 620, he believed and considered Commonwealth Act No. 600 as still in force after that date and that he still retained his emergency powers.
I have a little pocket
The whole point of this exercise was to boost the circulation figures of the Journal’s European edition to prop up ad rates. How, in the name of all things good and holy, does this not constitute massive-scale fraud on advertisers? Not to mention fraud on readers who now get slanted positive coverage of the groups that helped the journal perpetuate this scam on advertisers. And what does this say for the audit bureau’s credibility that they legitimized this rip off? But wait, it actually gets worse!
With the new walls, wall colour, furniture, lamps, bed and bedding the room has transformed into a very charming bedroom. All done, the last thing on my agenda Friday was getting the headboard mounted just in time for the first guests to arrive on the weekend. I snapped off this picture very quickly, sorry for the quality.
Our trip didn't start well, I was clearly distracted as we went through security at the airport, setting off the body scanner. No it wasn't the metal plate in my head, rather my iphone in my jeans pocket, duhhh! Then Jasmine's rucksack was singled out for special attention, they opened it up, pulling everything out, cuddly toy followed cuddly toy then came the pencil case with the incriminating scissors...double duhhh. Bizarrely the lady measured the blade on them and declared them safe to fly as they were under 6cm long - still sharp enough to be a threat I'd have thought? (On the flight home the scissors were safely tucked away in the hold luggage, neither of us could face the prospect of being pulled in by burly Italian security in Napoli, one of the homes of the Mafia)
Top with 1/2 cup heavy cream, whipped; sprinkle with shaved chocolate.
Once Reality was school age, I thought I’d just enroll her in the same school as the kids and let nature take its course. After all, the other 8 was gonna want to know who their half sister was. Especially, if she was sitting right there in the same school as them. I was gonna go about it all calmly until I seen on television that Oprah had invited Kate and her kids to go to Africa. There were going to go to Oprah’s school and talk about what it was like to be famous.
All you have to do is take one pad, and lightly rub in circular motions over cleansed skin. You’ll feel your skin being exfoliated, and you can even see some of the dead skin, or leftover makeup, being swept right out onto the pad! You’ll want to focus on the areas that you have any dry patches or flaky skin.
in the Zumba disc and play it on the Wii. It's been
In 1968 Enoch Powell said we must be 'mad, literally mad' for permitting the influx of foreign nationals into our country.
It turns out what I would have written has already been covered and probably better than I could have done,. so keep the good work, people are listening,
I have been remiss.
My Love is your Love
Then there was the issue of sides. I made no vegetables because I felt the meatloaf was veggie-enriched enough. I still wanted to serve more on the plate than just a slab of meatloaf. I raided the cabinets for something usable. I guess I cleaned out the cabinet pretty well in the past. I had no rice or other grains. All I had was a box of cornmeal. Since I had some rice flour in the freezer, I made some gluten-free cornbread on the side.
* With laws passed that could open up for lawsuits also outside of the US, savvy companies will start to be proactive when considering defensive or offensive IP acquisitions to strenghten portfolio.
Murdoch and Elsa Maclennan: Murdoch is chief exec at the Telegraph Media Group. Donations: £23,000.
Specifically: 1100, the Number of the Beast in telecoms.
And the devil in disguise.
Cox plays Avery Ludlow, a reclusive widower who lives a quiet life of fishing and relaxing with dog Red. During one fateful fishing trip, Ludlow and Red happen across a trio of delinquent youths who attempt to rob the old man. Out of spite, the most vicious of the kids (Fisher) shoots Red dead in the head. Seeking justice, Ludlow finds the boys' respective parents and appeals for them to do the right thing. The brats deny everything and the parents simply dismiss poor Ludlow. Still though, the old chap doesn't go as Harry Brown as one might expect. This is no average old-bloke-on-the-rampage movie.
Because this way of life—devouring, degrading, and insane—cannot continue. For “sustainable” to mean anything, we must embrace and then defend the bare truth: the planet is primary. The life–producing work of a million species are literally the earth, air, and water that we depend on. No human activity—not the vacuous, not the sublime—is worth more than that matrix. Neither, in the end, is any human life. If we use the word “sustainable” and don’t mean that, then we are liars of the worst sort: the kind who let atrocities happen while we stand by and do nothing.
5. Chained (Ballard) 5:18
¼ cup diced scallions
They are certainly that, and I love it!
Rev. James Moody, President, Manna House Ministries, Jamestown, Tennessee
Is what Andrew said to me when I asked him why it's taking so long to bake this baby, and I was this close to yelling, "WELL WE BOTH KNOW WHOSE HOT DOG IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS."
“Well you can hear them in that clearing at night. I didn’t believe it until I set up a tent in that small clearing and the skies are always so cloudy there, so you’re hard pressed to catch a glimpse.” She looked upwards as if in contrast. The sky here was clear and crisp; Derrek noticed for the first time that it was so different from the city, and even different from rural areas he had been in.
Location Address:
As always the best in-depth coverage will be on TomVille Tonight.
I wouldn't always be friends with me... if it were me....
Stir for 10-15 minutes. At the very last step, add tablespoon of condensed milk. This is purely optional (and not too orthodox-Purist) but I find that it thickens and sweetens the potion quite perfectly.
Hang on the Box – Asshole, I’m Not Your Baby
The sheep that are My own hear and are listening to My voice; and I know them, and they follow Me.
Philippians 4:6-7 (NLT)
I am in a completely different situation.
Sun And Steel (MCA)
In a small mixing bowl, whip the heavy cream to soft peaks until tips curl over.
For those of you, who have steadfastly traveled with me thus far on the road to biblical submission; probably already have a keen sense of what God plans to teach us at this junction.
Sharing rooms is also a productions trick to save money. when your on location with the same people all day the last thing you want is to be stuck with them all night, often with runners you will never have met the other runner you are sharing with either. This is a nightmare, do they snore? Will they hog the bathroom? Will they be tidy? On one production they decided to stick the runners in their own cottage, two girls and three boys all sharing one working shower that was located in the girls room. Hideous. Having boys wondering into your room in the morning to shower and leaving bits of themselves in there. Disgusting. But this was luxury compared to my next accommodation.
"You're not short- you're fun-sized!"
However, even people who have come here legally disagree with Ludwick’s point of view. “Education is one of those things that should not rely on one’s immigration status. Educated individuals make a better society regardless of where they live,” said Miral Bessed, a UO student who immigrated legally to the U.S. from Pakistan 10 years ago. “I know plenty of people who are born and raised here and have all the benefits, but do not care about obtaining education. If someone has the drive and the commitment to attain knowledge, I believe it’s only fair to facilitate it for them.”
Todas las estrellas están florecidas.”
Thank you to everyone who joined in with last months Jungle challenge and also to our fab sponsors.
